





FA L L O F LO N D O N 
 TA BLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION:  
	WELCOME TO  LONDON 	5
	The Rise, Fall, and  Return of Mithras 	7
	The Ritual of  Transferring the Soul 	11
	Before the Storm: London, 2012 	15
	Operation Antigen 	20
CHAPTER 1:  
Storyteller Goals 	31Chapter Background 32Scene One: A Rude Awakening 34Scene Two: A Common Banquet 37Scene Three: A Mission from God 39Scene Four: Unwelcome Guests 42Scene Five: Escape! 44Aftermath 
CHAPTER 2:  45SUNSET OF FLAMES 47Storyteller Goals 48Prelude: Invitation-Only 49Scene One: The Scepter 51Scene Two: The Party 54Scene Three: The Queen of London 61Scene Four: Goodnight Sweet Prince 67 Scene Five: Collecting the Debt 74Scene Six: The Seal 76Aftermath 77A DARK AND STORMY NIGHT 31
2
   
CHAPTER 3:  
FAMILY MATTERS 79Storyteller Goals 79Scene One: The Hunt for Sri Sansa  84Scene Two: A Taste of the East in West London 86 Scene Three: Bhangra and Lassi 89Scene Four: Elysium West of Ealing 91Scene Five: Sri Sansa's Blood Cult 94Scene Six: White Vans in Osterley 95Scene Seven: London by Gaslight 96Scene Eight: Negotiations at the Subtle Spice 105Scene Nine: Clan Politics  107Scene Ten: Finally, the Ruby Ring 108Aftermath  
CHAPTER 4:  109WHAT HIDES BENEATH 111Storyteller Goals 112Scene One: Paranoia  112Scene Two: Descent  117Scene Three: Black Tunnels 123Scene Four: The Bunker  129Scene Five: The Dagger Revealed  131Additional Story Hooks 138Aftermath 139   
  	Ta b l e o f Co n T e n Ts
 This is a work of speculative horror fiction, set in a dark reflection of our own world. Thus it contains graphic depictions of sex, blood-drinking, drugs, violence, abuse, political oppression, coercion, occultism, heresy and many other potentially upsetting themes. Recommended for mature readers and players. For advice on considerate play and how to handle sensitive themes in tabletop roleplaying games, see the section "Considerate play" in the PDF version of the "Vampire: The Masquerade" rulebook.
   
RED LISTS & RED CAPS 141Storyteller Goals 142Scene One: I Know a Gal 142Scene Two: Ambush! 146Scene Three: Making Deals 151Scene Four: The Underground 156Scene Five: Night at the Museum 159Scene Six: The Mithraeum 162Aftermath 
CHAPTER 6:  175GODS & MONSTERS 177Storyteller Goals 177A Series of Choices 178The State of London 180Scene One: Recruitment Drive 184Scene Two: A Farewell and a Plan 185Scene Three: Fate and Fortune  187Aftermath 
EPILOGUE:  205A DESOLATE CITY 209The Compact 210Operation Antigen 211The Modern Cult of Mithras 212The Fate of Mithras 213Future Chronicles 215Surviving Kindred of London 216CHAPTER 5:  	
   
APPENDIX I:  
LONDON IN STORIES 	218
In Fiction 	218
In Print 	218
On TV 	218
In Film 	218
Getting Around London 	219
London's Nightlife 	222
Law Enforcement & Crime 	224
Stories Told by Night  	227
APPENDIX II:  
LORESHEETS 	229
Agent of Justicar Parr 	229
Court of Shadows 	230
Hunt Club 	231
London Under London 	232
Operation Antigen 	233
Oskar Anasov 	234
APPENDIX III:  
PLAYABLE CHARACTERS 	235
Alice Mockingdale 	237
Tommy Smith 	238
Tony Castelli 	239
Lady Catherine Montague 	240
Doctor Henry Banerjee 	242
Memoriam 	243
Character Sheets 	250
   

   


   
   The Fall of London is a sandbox chronicle - at the end of each chapter, we'll provide bridges to whichever chapter the coterie wants to go next. Every chapter also introduces one or more Kindred who, if the characters don't alienate them, might serve as contacts in future chapters. 
   What you hold now, though, is a finished book and it needs a chapter order. You can, and should, run the chapters in your own order based on the needs of your group. 
A DARK AND STORMY NIGHT is the opening chapter, where the coterie awakens and receives their mission from Pater Thomas. You do need to start with this one.
SUNSET OF FLAMES sees the coterie at a grand party hosted by Queen Anne before it's attacked by Operation Antigen. This is a great chapter to run early so the characters can make a number of Kindred contacts at the party and to put the fear of Antigen in them early. However, the grand combat with Antigen serves well as a "big bang" if run late. 
¦ Potential contacts in this chapter include: Lady 
Scarlett (Ventrue and assistant to Queen Anne), Adisa (Banu-Haqim), Chun Hei (Brujah and grandchilde of Gwenllian Arwyn), Caleb (Nosferatu), and Josephine (Ventrue).
FAMILY AFFAIRS takes the Heralds to Southall, domain of Sri Sansa. Sri Sansa is an eminently humane elder, and perfectly willing to give up his artifact, which makes it great to run early. However, the chapter is very branching and requires players to explore beyond just the mission, which might make it better to run late. 
¦ Potential contacts in this chapter include: Najma Elmi (Duskborn), Ayse Dhanial (Tremere of House Carna), and Gabrielle (Nosferatu).
WHAT HIDES BENEATH takes the coterie to the darkness under London, where treacherous Richard de Worde awaits. This chapter offers hunting preludes and a chance to pick up Touchstones, which makes it great to run early. De Worde is a fearsome antagonist though, and progressing the chapter requires physical combat, which might make it better to run late. 
¦ Potential contacts in this chapter include: Gabrielle (Nosferatu).
RED LISTS AND RED CAPS brings the characters to Gwenllian Arwyn, former Pater in the Cult of Mithras. Arwyn yearns to rebel against Mithras, which make this is great chapter to run early if the Storyteller wishes to seed rebellion within the characters. Arwyn can also bring a big reveal about the coterie's history, which might make it better to run late. 
¦ Potential contacts in this chapter include: Daria (Nosferatu), Regina Blake (Toreador and Keeper of Elysium), and Chun Hei (Brujah).
GODS AND MONSTERS is our last chapter. Depending on the path they take, and the allies and enemies they make along the way, the characters have several ways in which they may decide their alliance, and the future of London.
LONDON AFTER THE FALL is our epilogue, presented for Storytellers who want to continue the chronicle after a time skip to the modern nights.
APPENDICES At the end of this book, you'll find three appendices. The first gives more details on London circa 2012, for Storytellers who want to build a larger chronicle. The second provides you with Loresheets useable for modern London chronicles. The third provides five pregenerated characters, along with several flashbacks to run them through.
   
I n T Ro D U C T I o n
The Rise, Fall, and Return of Mithras
Any story of London must begin with Mithras, the legendary Ventrue methuselah who claimed London as his domain for close to two millennia. Mithras came to Britain in the 1st century CE with the invasion force led by general Aulus Plautius under Emperor Claudius, and quickly established the Roman province of Britannia as his own private domain. Although over the following centuries Mithras continued to travel widely, he always named Londinium as his home, and he would suffer no contest over this territory. Other Kindred could dwell in Britain, but only if they accepted his authority. 
   Mithras established the Blood Laws for his Kindred subjects long before the Camarilla's formation, and in fact many believe these were appropriated by the Camarilla's Founders for their own Traditions centuries later. Mithras observed the formation of the Camarilla with interest but did not participate in the Convention of Thorns. In truth he has always preferred to operate independently of the sect, although his interests have often aligned with it.
   One source of tension between Mithras and the Camarilla was the continued animosity between Mithras's lineage of Ventrue Kindred, and the Toreador lineages of France and Scotland, who over the years repeatedly interfered with English politics. When the Ventrue finally secured the upper hand in the 17th century, they forced the Toreador to sign the Treaty of Durham. This pact of mutual non-interference by each clan in the other's affairs was secured by an exchange of hostages and remains in effect to modern nights. 
   Mithras harbored a hatred for the Tremere too, partly because he saw them as usurpers who had no right to claim the lifeblood of their clan founder, but also because Clan Tremere often allied with the Toreador to meddle in his affairs. In addition, some believe it is because Mithras himself was a practitioner of Blood Sorcery, and that he did not believe the Warlocks deserved to learn the same secrets. He held a dim view of the Giovanni for similar reasons, and because of the threat that they continued to pose to his loyal friend and lover Roger de Camden. For more information on the Giovanni, see V5: Cults of the Blood Gods.
   
The Plot Against Mithras
The Ventrue elder Valerius was once a loyal member of a Mithraic Cult based in Greenwich, keen to serve the methuselah who ruled London and the larger domain of Avalon. When Mithras promoted 
Valerius to serve as Seneschal of London during the methuselah's absence from the city in the 19th century, the latter was grateful for the honor and the opportunity. However, when Mithras returned to London in 1885 instead of thanking Valerius for his efforts, he poured scorn on them and stripped him of office. Furthermore, Mithras then awarded the title of Seneschal to Valerius's childe Anne Bowesley. Valerius was a pariah thereafter, cast out of the Court and the Mithraic cult. Few were willing to openly side with him, for risk of incurring the methuselah's wrath. 
  For decades afterwards Valerius nursed his grievances, and in the year 1940 he finally saw his chance to take revenge. Two of his spies stumbled across an intimate scene between Mithras and a Kindred ancilla named Thomas who was seldom seen at Court. Valerius realized that he could exploit any close relationship between Mithras and another Kindred to his advantage. Valerius returned to the Mithraic cult in Greenwich which he used to command, seeking more information about Thomas, and other discontented members who might become allies. His inquiries resulted in him receiving a message from Richard de Worde, a Nosferatu elder, initiate of the Mithraic Mysteries, and Mithras' former spy master until the methuselah rebuked him for dereliction of duty. Now, de Worde sought revenge for the loss of face and status - and he had identified Pater Thomas as Roger de Camden. The two made a pact to kidnap Thomas née Camden and to use him as bait in a trap set for Mithras.
   Valerius used his connections with the British Admiralty to access the site of the Royal Gunpowder Mills at Waltham Abbey, on the very outskirts of greater London. He recalled that in January of the same year there had been a terrible accident, an explosion that had killed and injured many mortals, and which had been heard for miles in all directions. Valerius surmised that such a powerful blast would be enough to eliminate a methuselah as powerful as Mithras, and so laid a trap, using de Camden as bait. 
   After staking and restraining de Camden, Valerius sent word to Mithras to come to the Gunpowder Mills to rescue his lover. Valerius stationed himself at a safe distance, and as soon as the methuselah was spotted, gave the signal for the gunpowder stores to be lit. The resulting explosion was deafening, powerful enough to wreck entire buildings at the site and blow off the roof of the nearby church. There was no sign of Mithras or de Camden, and in the following weeks they did not reappear. 
   Valerius, ever cautious, waited for months afterwards to be sure that his plan had really succeeded. After half a year, he decided that enough time had passed, and he went to his progeny, Anne Bowesley, to explain what he had done. He claimed that he had done it for her, so she could become the Prince of London. As he had hoped, she was quick to embrace the opportunity, announcing to the Kindred Court of London that she possessed evidence that Mithras had been destroyed by a recent bomb dropped by the Germans during the Blitz. Valerius himself was once again welcomed at Court, and it was not long before Queen Anne promoted him to Seneschal. 
A Dark Interlude
Unbeknownst to Valerius, Mithras survived the trap that was set for him. He was just in time to free de Camden, who quickly retreated into the Shadowlands, the realm of the dead. The methuselah was unfortunately unable to escape the blast himself, but his exceptional powers of Fortitude were enough to prevent his final death. Severely injured, he fled in a frenzy south into Epping Forest, where he sunk into the earth into torpor.
   Later, by interrogating nearby spirits, de Camden learned that the Ventrue had escaped the scene, and had entered lupine territory, but was uncertain as to his exact location. After the news of Mithras's demise spread at Court, membership of the various Mithraic cults in the city quickly dwindled. Since his real identity was known to Valerius and his cronies, de Camden dared not attend Court alone. With few 
   

   

  	I n T Ro D U C T I o n
   
Mithras' Return
As a vampire created less than a decade ago, Monty Coven stood little chance against an ancient methuselah, and it didn't take long for the latter to gain the upper hand in controlling the lick's body. Although Mithras had lost much of his Blood Potency, he still had his wits, determination, and strategic acumen to draw on. He also had his rage, which he had nursed after 50 years in torpor, which he planned to unleash upon those that betrayed him.
   Continuing to use his visage and persona of Monty Coven as an alias, Mithras was keen to impress his peers in the Sabbat with his stories of fighting werewolves, and he built his reputation further by hunting Anarchs and challenging his fellow Sabbat. He slowly worked his way up the ranks to dominate and control Sabbat activity in the city. 
   As the ancient Ventrue, he explored the sites formerly used by the various cults of Mithras in search of any remaining loyal followers. Eventually he made contact and was reunited with de Camden. De Camden immediately noticed that the methuselah's control of Monty Coven was not quite complete, and there were moments where the Banu Haqim's true self would surface. 
   De Camden was quick to remind Mithras that the Ritual of Transferring the Soul, which the Cappadocian had once used on himself in the 16th century, could be used to gain permanent control and restore much of Mithras' lost power. To fuel the ritual however, they would need to gather artifacts that Mithras had previously imbued with his essence, and which the methuselah had disseminated among the various servants for safekeeping.  
   After the Millennium, and as Kindred hysteria subsided around the advent of Gehenna, two events served as catalysts to Mithras' plans. 
   The first was mortal authorities becoming aware of the supernatural, and the beginnings of what would later become the Second Inquisition. Mithras anticipated that an organized mortal resistance would be a powerful tool against his enemies in London, and so expedited developments by anonymously delivering a dossier of intelligence on multiple Camarilla Kindred in London into the hands of the Newburgh Group. 
The second event was the renovation of Walbrook 
Square in central London, the site of the original Roman Mithraeum, and a location used by the Cult of Mithras up until the Second World War. Construction work at the site had been frozen due to several archaeological discoveries made during deep excavations. Among the findings were a half dozen Roman-era sarcophagi containing human remains which had been archived by the Museum of London. These remains were in fact torpid vampires created as Heralds of the Sun by the Mithraic Cult 70 years before to serve the methuselah's bidding. 
   Mithras realized the timing was now right to enact his revenge. He would awaken and unleash his loyal Heralds to retrieve his artifacts, all under the cover of the chaos caused by the escalating Antigen attacks. His enemies would fall, and those that betrayed him would know his wrath. If a few innocent, or even loyal, Kindred also fell in the attacks, Mithras was long past such cares.
The Ritual of Transferring the Soul
The Ritual of Transferring the Soul is a particularly complex working of Blood Sorcery and ceremonial Oblivion (see Cults of the Blood Gods sourcebook) invented by Roger de Camden, which has only ever been used once before by de Camden himself to escape the Giovanni hunt on members of Clan Cappadocian. 
   The first part of the Ritual involves a series of preparatory steps. During each step the subject of the ritual chants and meditates while holding an object of great emotional significance, imbuing the object with a portion of their own spiritual essence. 
   The next part of the process requires the subject to be diablerized by another vampire. Preferably the new vampire should be of much younger age, higher generation and lower Blood Potency to the subject, so that the subject can more easily take over the new body.  
   The last part of the ritual is then enacted by bringing the new body together with the objects that were "primed" earlier. Each object returned restores some of the subject's original Blood Potency and improves their control over the host body. Here is where things get tricky though, for Mithras - unchallenged Prince of 
11
   



   
The Phrygian Cap
A Phrygian cap is a soft conical piece of headwear with a pointed apex that is traditionally bent over. Attributed to the Phrygian people from the time of the Persian empire onwards, similar caps were worn by the Trojans, and other western Anatolian people. In the Roman era the cap was adopted by Dacians and Parthians. This head piece, made of finely stitched red fabric in the late Roman era, was gifted to Mithras by the Ventrue scholar Bindusara on their first meeting in Alexandria. Mithras would wear it only for special occasions at his Temple, which accounts for its preservation and good condition. It was given to Pater Gwenllian Arwyn for safekeeping.
The Ruby Ring
The ring is a simple band cast from a single piece of silver, and it is inset with a large, flawless, oval ruby that shines with the color of fresh blood. On the inner surface of the ring there is a fine inscription in Egyptian Hieratic script, which roughly translates to 
"From Goddess to God, cursed and blessed forever." The ring is approximately the same age as the cap and was given to Mithras by the Setite Kementiri during the period when they were lovers, before the Ventrue settled in Britannia. In the Victorian era, when a conspiracy to corrupt the Kindred of London was exposed, and Kementiri was revealed to be impersonating Lady Ophelia Merritt, the Tremere played a crucial role. After Mithras banished the Setites from London and invited Sri Sansa to join the Cult, he gave him the ring as a token of his appreciation.
The Egyptian Dagger
The dagger is a straight, wide blade with a slender handle, typical of Egyptian weapons of the Middle Kingdom. The blade is cast and hammered from bronze, and the handle is finely carved ivory. The blade is dulled from neglect, but it was never used in combat. A gift from the mighty warrior Horus the Avenger after their battle in the13th century, Mithras used the dagger in Cult ceremonies for several centuries, such as the ritual slaying of bulls. When Richard de Worde rose to the rank of Perses within the Cult in the 19th century the Ventrue gifted him the dagger as a mark of respect. Mithras never asked for the dagger back after their falling out, perhaps loathe to admit such sentimentality, and de Worde since used it to anchor his own blood sorceries.
The Seal
The seal is important to the Mithraic Mysteries as it is the first of several made for Mithras in the Middle Ages to mark official documents relating to the Domain of Avalon and the Court of London. This object was awarded to Valerius in the 19th century, who used it to create official documents during Mithras's extended absence from the city during this period. When Mithras later returned to the city and demoted Valerius, he ensured that the seal was retrieved and passed on to Anne as the new Seneschal. She hasn't used it since claiming the throne of London for herself.
The Heralds of the Sun
Mithras, among his many strengths, is an accomplished practitioner of Blood Sorcery. Rumor has it that he may have once studied magic under the guidance of Haqim himself. 
   The Blooding is a special Blood Sorcery ritual created by Mithras over a millennium ago to create Kindred warriors that are unquestionably loyal to him. The ritual has been used at least once each century since to create more of these dutiful assassins, called Heralds of the Sun by members of the Mysteries. 
   The ritual process involves repeatedly immersing a Kindred in a bath of vampire vitae drawn from members of the Cult. The process is akin to the Sabbat's ritual known as Vaulderie, in which the blood of a group of vampires is mixed and imbibed by all of them to create a bond among them. This way, the subject develops an emotional bond to the members of the Cult and feels a strong desire not to act against them. The Kindred chosen for this process are usually high-ranking members of the Cult, who would consider their selection to be a blessing and an honor. Similarly, any other Kindred invited to contribute vitae to the ritual bath would 
   
normally be high-ranking and trustworthy members of the Cult. 
   The characters are all Heralds created by this process, albeit in a bit of a hurry, during the London Blitz. After the ritual was completed, each of these vampires were placed in a state of voluntary torpor to await a time when they would be needed by Mithras. Their sarcophagi were interred deep in the earth at the Walbrook site so that they would not be discovered accidentally. During the Second World War the site was bombed and the access to the crypt was destroyed and buried. Excavations for a new building on the site in the 1950s narrowly avoided these slumbering Kindred, but they were discovered by subsequent redevelopment work at the beginning of the 21st century. 
   One consequence of the Blooding ritual is that the subjects lose their own sense of identity, as their minds become consumed by the memories of those that contributed vitae to the ritual. As this chronicle progresses, and the PCs encounter other former members of the Mithraic Mysteries, they will suffer from collective flashbacks into London's past that represent the effects of this ritual. During the 
story, however, the characters can use Memoriam to recover memories about their own lives and personalities. The Storyteller should keep note of when characters act in accordance with their elder's imprinted personality, and when with their own, as this determines their personal fate towards the end of this chronicle.
Before the Storm: London, 2012
Since its founding, London has been a prime domain for vampires. The human population explosions of the 19th and 20th Centuries were matched by huge influxes of Kindred hoping to make the great city their home. 
   Although no official census was ever attempted, at the turn of the Millennium it was widely believed that there were well over 200 vampires dwelling in London's greater metropolitan area. The city's massive size has made it relatively easy for newcomers to settle - and for refugees to hide - without the knowledge of the local Kindred establishment. As a deterrent, Kindred not registered with the Court of London are considered unprotected, and fair game for the Scourge and other aspiring bounty hunters and diablerists. In fact, this culture of sanctioned hunting has been the cause for many vampires to visit and settle in the city, and it goes all the way to the top: Queen Anne herself is a secret practitioner of diablerie, and she continues to welcome any opportunity to claim the essence of uninvited guests.
   The Kindred Court of London is where the powerful and influential met to do business, to boast about their exploits, and to check upon their rivals. While absolute authority lies with Queen Anne herself, the traditional position of Seneschal holds a great deal of power to manage and direct 
I n T Ro D U C T I o n
night-to-night affairs. Among their responsibilities, the Seneschal manages the city's resident list, as well as any domains not assigned to individual residents. The Court traditionally meets every full moon in one of the city's many Elysia, as selected and prepared by the Keeper of Elysium. All the city's registered residents are notified discretely by the Herald and are welcome to attend. 
   One change that has occurred since Queen Anne took power in the 1940s has been the gradual shifting of power from the Queen to the Primogen representatives of the local Kindred factions. With increasing numbers of young and open-minded vampires appearing in the city, the relevancy of the Court as the only place to do business has lessened. Queen Anne has been pragmatic enough to grant her peers more authority and autonomy, on the understanding that they continue to support her rule. A similar shift of power has occurred across the UK too, with major Baronies such as Manchester, Birmingham and Liverpool demanding more independence from London's absolute authority. Queen Anne eventually granted them more freedom and autonomy after they demonstrated a commitment to upholding the Traditions (formerly Mithras' Blood Laws). 
   Things have changed much less in relation to the traditional enmities between the Kindred clans. It was widely known that Mithras hated the Tremere, and while Queen Anne is more diplomatic, she has little love for the Warlocks herself. 
Under pressure from the Camarilla in Europe, the Court has lately become more welcoming to Tremere, but clan representatives often still face exclusion or ridicule. The Ventrue of London have also maintained centuries-long feuds with the Toreador lineages of France and Scotland which had still not abated in the Court's final nights. Anne considered the Treaty of Durham a necessary tool in her diplomatic arsenal, and she was keen to hold her Kindred hostages to account. In addition, the Ministry have been unwelcome (although still present) since they were formally banished from London by Mithras at the end of the 19th century.
   Queen Anne herself claims certain domains as sacrosanct and prohibited to other Kindred: the entire old City of London, much of Westminster, Canary Wharf, and the Vauxhall area south of the Thames. This is mostly for practicality and security, as she is keen to discourage other vampires from meddling with the UK's wider apparatus of commerce and government. The areas of the old East End (from Shoreditch through to Hackney, Whitechapel, and Bethnal Green) and the old West End (from Holborn through Soho to Covent Garden and Mayfair) are declared as open feeding grounds for all (often called "the Buffet" or "the Banquet"). All major museums, galleries and theatres are considered Elysium. The major parks and green spaces - e.g. Hyde Park, Regent's Park, Victoria Park, 
Clapham Common, Hampstead 
Heath, Wanstead Flats, and Epping Forest - are all given a wide berth as known lupine territory. In the last 20 years some areas south of the Thames - notably Southwark and Brixton - have effectively been taken over by Anarchs, who now only nominally recognize the Camarilla's authority.
The Kindred Clans 
Brujah with academic inclinations tend to congregate around Bloomsbury and the prestigious University College of London (UCL), or in Kensington, where the Imperial College and several important museums can be found. Younger Brujah rabble can be found in any of the city's many nightlife spots, or in some of the most down-trodden council estates, neck-deep in gang violence.
   Few Gangrel are ever seen in central London, but many make their homes in the Barrens - the less urban suburbs and outskirts. Some are reputed to have established neutral relations with local werewolves. London Zoo in Regent's Park is Gangrel territory, and other Kindred are wise to avoid it. 
   Malkavians congregate in a wide variety of unusual places, including Highgate Cemetery, Battersea Power Station, the Imperial War Museum, the Old Operating Theatre at St. Thomas' Hospital, and the relocated Crystal Palace.
   The Nosferatu of London are notorious for spending more time below ground than above. Many are versed with a complex, interconnecting network of covered riverways, Victorian sewers, forgotten basements, abandoned Tube tunnels, and war-era shelters found in central London. 
   Toreador are most frequently found in Elysia, often chasing mortal artists and celebrities to the most popular restaurants, entertainment venues and nightclubs in town. London's vibrant burlesque and fetish scenes are sponsored and appreciated by many of the clan. 
   The Tremere continue to maintain a network of private and public chantries, including a permanent suite at the Andaz Hotel on Liverpool Street (giving access to the Masonic Temple there), rooms near the Temple Church in Holborn, and a town house next to the Theosophical Society headquarters on Gloucester Place. 
   The Ventrue continue to be the most numerous vampire clan in London, with many Havens and meeting places, from private clubs on the Strand in central London, to stately homes in the suburbs. Clan meetings have most recently been held regularly and privately at the Painted Hall at the Old Royal Naval College in Greenwich. 
Kindred Hotspots
The Fall of London includes several detailed locations that player characters can visit during the course of the chronicle. These additional locations can give the chronicle more flavor, let the characters wander away from the main storyline, or help the Storyteller run other chronicles set in London before Operation Antigen. Some of these locations are real, others are fictional, based on similar, real locations.
   Slimelight is the name of a nightclub that forms the hub of London's underground goth, industrial and fetish scenes. Open from 11pm until 8am every Saturday night at a grubby event space in Islington called The Electrowerkz, it is an easy place to find blood dolls and narcotic-fueled vitae. 
   Torture Garden is a more extreme fetish nightclub with a strict dress code and a consensual privacy policy. With no fixed venue it pops up around London at a variety of places, but in each case behind its closed doors pretty much anything goes.
  The Electric is a warehouse style venue in Brixton, south London that was formerly the renowned nightclub The Fridge. Renovated in 2010 as a more contemporary arts space, it is also frequented by the Anarch collective that call themselves the Brixton Massive.
   The Coronet Theatre is a semi-derelict art deco building in Elephant & Castle used for raves and exhibitions which doubles as a regular hangout for London's other major Anarch group, the Southwark Council. 
   The Tainted Blood is a high end strip club on Berwick Street in Soho which welcomes wealthy customers - both Kindred and kine - with a taste for the erotic. Both clubs are owned by the enigmatic Brujah Edmund Jacobie, who is a master of taste and discretion. 
Milford's Music Hall in 
Whitechapel is an original Vic-
   
torian building that continues to offer cabaret and burlesque entertainment in modern nights. Under ownership and management of Millie Milford, a Toreador ingénue and daughter of the original proprietor from more than a century ago, it is a site of regular and significant decadence. 
   The Kingsway Exchange is a large underground shelter built during the Second World War beneath Chancery Lane station. During the 1990s, it was secretly converted into a hidden hotel and meeting space for visiting vampire dignitaries and their retainers. 
Access is by invitation only, via a concealed entrance on Furnival Street, and inside you will often find the proprietor and Lasombra Stephen Lenoir. 
   The Nighthawk is a speakeasy style bar near Old Street that is good for cocktails and quiet conversation. It is also an immersive establishment that welcomes period dress, which makes it a favorite of Kindred Embraced in the early 20th century. 
   Project Daedalus is a venue on Caledonian Road hosting a variety of intricate escape room experiences. The Malkavian owner and host Emile Sorcha also 
   
seConD InQUIsITIon
The term "second Inquisition" is a convenient label adopted by Kindred in the modern night to recognize the growing threat of mortal awareness and aggression, but in the World of Darkness there is no single movement or authority responsible for all modern vampire hunting activity. Different governments may share intelligence and resources, but their responses to the Kindred threat may vary. other religious bodies and private organizations will continue to pursue their own agendas, often without the sanction of any official authorities, and without communicating or co-operating with one another at all. The reader should also bear in mind that this chronicle is set in a time when the name "second Inquisition" was not yet widely adopted, and many Kindred are blissfully unaware of the perils that await them. 
   The domain of London is one of the first to fall en masse to an organized and concerted government-backed pogrom. The overconfidence of the vampire populace, and the sudden surprise of the attacks, are significant factors in the success of operation antigen. In our current nights, vampires can look back at what happened in london as a warning, and as an opportunity to learn.
maintains several hidden areas with dangerous and illegal challenges more suited to Kindred customers. 
   The Vaults are a series of contemporary art spaces in the arches beneath Waterloo Station which regularly hosts comedy acts, independent theatre productions, and arts festivals. Nearby is the lair of the notoriously romantic Toreador Emily Anastas and the Nosferatu Alan Chang, who as a couple host more decadent parties and salons after hours.
Who's Who of London's Kindred
These Kindred maintain positions of power in London in 2012. Some of these characters are referenced in our chronicle, others are provided for completeness and color, but the list is by no means exhaustive. Storytellers are free to introduce any or all these suggested characters in this or any other chronicles they might wish to play prior to the fall of the domain. 
QUEEN ANNE BOWESLEY, PRINCE OF LONDON AND 
THE BRITISH ISLES Ventrue, ruler of London, childe of Valerius, and secret diablerist. She is a shrewd politician, negotiator, and strategist. Her rivals constantly under-estimate her. See p.67 for a full write-up.
VALERIUS, THE SENESCHAL An elder many centuries old, the Ventrue Valerius previously served as Seneschal for Mithras, and as Regent of London in Mithras's absence, before scheming to destroy him. Although he respects Queen Anne, who is his progeny, he nurses an ambition to become Prince himself one night. See p.75 for a full write-up.
REGINA BLAKE, THE KEEPER OF ELYSIUM The progeny of the esteemed Toreador Victoria Ash, Regina is a headstrong and insightful woman who has shouldered the responsibility of managing the city's many Elysia with aplomb. She uses her position to collect valuable insight on her peers. See p.155 for a full write-up.
OSKAR ANASOV, HERALD OF LONDON A refugee from the Russian Revolution, the Nosferatu Anasov is a superb orator and agitator. He not only issues announcements by the Court, but he also works with graffiti artists to incorporate hidden signs into the fabric of London's streets.
CYRIL MASTERS, SHERIFF OF EAST LONDON A Ventrue and legal mastermind from the Victorian era with influence over the city's various police forces, Cyril works hard to protect the Masquerade and the Kindred community in London. 
LETITIA SHY, SHERIFF OF NORTH LONDON Groomed 
for her role by her sire and predecessor Juliette Parr, Letitia is a Malkavian with an uncanny ability to read people and separate truth from lies. 
ROWENA, SHERIFF OF WEST LONDON A feisty Gangrel warrior originally from Ireland, Rowena is a staunch supporter of the Camarilla and a firm believer in its Traditions. Her unusual methods are usually forgiven by Queen Anne, but often put her at odds with her fellow Sheriffs. 
MARCUS KILEY, SHERIFF OF SOUTH LONDON Marcus has the unenviable job of trying to keep the peace south of the river, in domains that are crawling with Anarchs and Duskborn. As a professional boxer in life, and a hard-headed Brujah in unlife, he has the grudging respect of both his allies and his enemies.
TERENCE GARDENER, SCOURGE OF LONDON A mortal stooge of the Krays in the 1960s, the Ventrue Gardener now revels in exercising violence on behalf of the Kindred establishment. Unregistered vampires and enemies of the Prince are right to fear him, and some 
I n T Ro D U C T I o n
within the court wonder how long it will be before he bites the hands of those he serves. 
VIOLET MARY, HEAD HARPY Violet uses incredible poise and etiquette to maintain her position at court. The Nosferatu's memory of previous Kindred events is unchallenged, and her mastery of a good put-down is unrivalled. 
HAFSA, ARCHON OF JULIETTE PARR The Banu Haqim Hafsa served the Toreador Justicar Madame Guil for many years before the Odense Pact. In the aftermath of her superior's destruction she was selected by the new Malkavian Juliette Parr to continue her work monitoring the Kindred of London. 
REGINALD MOORE, BRUJAH PRIMOGEN An uneducated man in life, Reginald has become a spirited enthusiast of education and academia in unlife. Seen as a patsy or a puppet by many, for over a century he has held a position in the Court that few others in his clan are interested in claiming. 
MADAME ROSNA, MALKAVIAN PRIMOGEN An elder with a mysterious past, Madame Rosna claims to have been involved with the Theosophical Society in the 19th century and the Suffragette movement of the early 20th century. Endlessly curious about her fellow Kindred, and known for dispensing sage advice, after the bombs of the Blitz destroyed her predecessor, she was the only one of her clan who came forward to claim the position. 
NICHOLAS, NOSFERATU PRIMOGEN Nicholas rose to prominence last century during the Blitz, keeping a detailed record of where bombs had been dropped, and maintaining several safe shelters for Kindred unknown to the mortal populace. When Queen Anne claimed London's domain for herself, she elevated Nicholas to an advisory position, and he is one of the few Kindred not of Clan Ventrue she appears to trust. While he is loyal to a point, unbeknownst to her he informs on everything happening in London to the Web, and to his Nosferatu master Trajan.
LIANNA SEABRIGHT, TOREADOR PRIMOGEN A relatively young Kindred who rose to prominence in the 1960s, Lianna has an exceptional grasp of modern trends in fashion, the arts, and popular culture for a vampire. She is extremely well-connected in the mortal world, and her jealously guarded address book has given her significant leverage over her peers.
EDWARD BAINBRIDGE, TREMERE PRIMOGEN An 
accomplished academic and a scholar of the occult mysteries of Africa, Edward has weathered over a century of leadership of his clan by acknowledging the superiority of London's Ventrue, and by staying out of Kindred politics as much as possible. 
SYDNEY BUCKINGHAM, VENTRUE PRIMOGEN An 
English noble and a naval captain of the Napoleonic era who fought and survived Waterloo, while Sydney technically speaks for the Ventrue, his authority is constantly overshadowed by Queen Anne and her Seneschal Valerius. 
Operation Antigen
As much as the Kindred of London would like to think otherwise, many mortal institutions in Britain have been aware of the supernatural for some time. In the civilian world, the Arcanum - an institution founded by open-minded investigators in the 19th century - has been documenting encounters with the supernatural ever since. Separately, the Church of England sponsored its own investigations by funding the Society of Saint George to hunt and destroy the monsters they are aware of. By comparison the British Government has maintained very little interest in the supernatural, and this is largely due to the machinations of various Kindred behind the scenes who have always preferred that it stay that way.
Things began to change in the wake of the London 
Bombings in 2005 when the Met's Anti-Terrorism Unit SO13 under Detective Inspector Ishaq Khan responded to a series of violent incidents in central London. Suspects behaved like rabid animals and demonstrated incredible strength and resilience. Drug use was given as the official explanation. This theory was given additional credibility by the almost supernatural capabilities of the Mumbai bombers in 2008, widely known to be under the influence of psychedelics and stimulants. Internally this theory was questioned, as leaked forensic reports highlighted several anomalies, particularly that some of the suspects had already been reported dead for some time. Similar cases were witnessed by personnel attached to an initiative aimed at exposing illegal human trafficking in London called Operation Maxim. Khan made sure to approach and recruit personnel from this and a handful of similar operations. The anomalous suspects became known as "Blanks" when through concerted surveillance it was established that key suspects did not register correctly on thermal imaging cameras
   The suppression of information from above indicated a conspiracy within the Metropolitan Police to conceal the truth from the public and get rid of the officers asking uncomfortable questions. These Kindred efforts would likely met with success had they not targeted Ishaq Khan's family. The plan was to break the incorruptible DI by first threatening, then killing and Embracing his teenage daughter Javeria and his older son Lashkar. The plot had the opposite effect, galvanizing Khan to the point where his Sikh faith and loyalty to the Crown became an unquenchable fire of True Faith. Believing he had nothing left to lose, Detective Inspector Ishaq Khan formed a loyal cell of officers who pledged to investigate the truth behind the conspiracy. When the Met's SO13 was reorganized in 2006 to form the new Counter Terrorism Command unit SO15, Khan was approached covertly by senior officers in the Met who were aware of his work, and who similarly shared his concerns. Together they formed their own dark operational unit internally dubbed the Extraordinary Counter-Terrorism Unit (ECTU). The unit, consisting of veterans from Ishaq's old SO13 squad and a handful of new recruits was wholly dedicated to hunting and intercepting priority suspects, which they labeled Blanks, Nulls, or IC0s (Identity Code 0, pronounced "I see zero" or "I see null"). In 2006 ECTU consisted of a tiny team held together by Ishaq's charisma and grim conviction. For years it operated on what scant 
   

   
relationships between these and certain high-profile members of government, business and the media. Newburgh summoned Ishaq and his allies to a clandestine summit meeting in Westminster, where this material was discussed.
   Just a few weeks after Newburgh and Khan's meeting, the ECTU launched their first major operation internally codenamed "Firebrand". With Ishaq now concentrating his efforts on protecting his team from interference from corrupt forces in the MET, the active team was spearheaded by Lt. Paul Richards, Sgt. Gabrielle Ellis and forensics expert Francis Ward. The operation played out in the shadow of the massive G20 protests in April of 2009 and was a resounding success. Two IC0s were eliminated, and the identities of several more were uncovered. The "Newburgh Leak" was confirmed as legitimate, and despite public outrage over collateral damage during one of the strikes secretly targeting Blanks involved with the protesters.
   After this initial success, the Newburgh Group became an official forum, and the outcome of their first meeting was to form Operation Antigen, a permanent program dedicated to eradicating the threat to national security in London.
   The earliest phases of the operation focused on surveillance and intelligence-gathering, verifying the data received in the Newburgh Leak, and building detailed profiles around every individual involved, with Richard's team collecting addresses, telephone numbers and emails in need of monitoring. Next steps were to foster new anti-corruption initiatives within the civil service and the Met, finding pretexts to arrest or end the employment of those that could not be trusted. Dirty tricks campaigns were launched against public figures to turn both public opinion and the establishment against them. New psychometric and biological screening techniques were introduced to ensure that those left within law enforcement and government were free of supernatural influence.
    With the conspiracy's influence over the human world significantly curtailed, the Newburgh Group's assets on the ground in London - namely the ECTU, and other supporting elements from the Ministry of Defence and GCHQ - were free to start hunting the IC0s identified by the operation. In 2011 agents were armed with the latest technology and given rudimentary training in more occult matters. Starting with low level suspects on the fringes of society, Antigen began dismantling the conspiracy step by step. 
Operation Antigen Personnel
Operation Antigen is spear-headed by Paul Richards and his covert ECTU unit within the Metropolitan Police and commanded by DI Khan. ECTU serves as the primary strike team in all take-down activities. The unit is small, but every officer is highly trained in combat and weapons techniques and has some previous familiarity in dealing with IC0s. They know not to make direct eye contact with Blanks, to strike for the heart or the head, and to use fire and sunlight to their advantage. Despite hunting the undead for half a decade, ECTU personnel prefer to think of their enemy as a very old terrorist conspiracy linked to an extremely rare and transmittable condition with extreme symptoms. Unlikely as this explanation may seem, it is much more credible to a rational person than the truth of vampirism. Only Ishaq himself is absolutely convinced of the supernatural nature of the IC0 menace.
   For intelligence gathering, surveillance, and interrogation, the operation will rely on other personnel seconded from intelligence or military agencies, or the Arcanum. Again, these operatives will be well briefed on their targets, and the nature of the threat that they face.
   For some of Antigen's largest operations however the Newburgh Group will arrange for the cooperation of agencies and personnel that are not "in the know." For example, where there is a need for crowd control, roadblocks, or blockades around buildings or train stations, this type of work can be outsourced to the Met's main force without explanation. Similarly, for any authorized counter-terrorism engagement, armed police and military personnel may be deployed in support, without them ever needing to be aware about the true nature of their suspects.
   

   




UV lamps are no replacement for the harmful light of the sun. They are at best distracting to vampires. When shone directly on the skin or in the eyes of any Kindred target, the Storyteller may rule that the target receives a +1 difficulty modifier to their rolls. Snakewood is an exotic hardwood that originates from South America, which is ranked as one of the toughest woods in the world. It has been imported by the Newburgh Group at the Arcanum's recommendation to make weapons for the ECTU. Enhanced coagulants provided by Sunrise must be injected directly into the target to affect their blood. Successful injection during conflict requires a successful Dexterity + Melee 
  	I n T Ro D U C T I o n
   
roll. In an uninjured human sudden clotting may lead to embolisms or heart problems. In a vampire the presence of these chemicals injected into their torso interferes with their ability to use vitae on Disciplines, healing, blood surges and the blush of life. Each time an affected vampire attempts to use their vitae they will need to pass a Stamina + Athletics test with Difficulty 2. A single dose lasts only a few minutes, or until the end of the scene. 
¦ Embalming sprays formulated by Sunrise have been issued to Antigen assets not as a weapon, but as a method of evidence preservation. Since the bodies of deceased IC0s have a habit of disintegrating quickly, coating the remains with an embalming resin impedes the rate of decay, allowing the forensic scientists more time to review them and gain the maximum possible amount of data. 
Threat Levels
Thanks to the dossier sent to Newburgh by Roger de Camden at the request of his master Mithras, Antigen knows the identities and contact details of many important Kindred, including Queen Anne herself. Now Antigen stands to enter its final phase: purging London of the IC0 threat. Assets have begun to strike quietly, so far only removing vampires and their agents from the fringes of Kindred society who are unlikely to be missed, but that is about to change. 
   As the chronicle progresses, the characters will have an opportunity to witness, and influence, escalation of these activities and how they impact London's Kindred. Mithras may initially believe the chaos will serve as a useful, temporary distraction while he enacts his plans, but he soon finds the tide he has unleashed is unstoppable. If he survives the events of the chronicle, he may be forced to abandon the city for good. 
The system offered here describes a series of 
Threat Levels corresponding to the escalation of Operation Antigen in the city. When the chronicle begins, London is at Level 1, and it is recommended to automatically increase the Threat Level by at least 1 step for every other chapter of the story. If the PCs draw or even encourage the attention of the authorities to themselves or to London's other Kindred, the threat escalates far more quickly. At the start of Chapter 6, the Threat Level should be 4 or 5. 
   The Storyteller can use the system below as it best fits their chronicle. These rules can also be used as a template for the escalation of Second Inquisition activity in any other city in the World of Darkness. 
Additionally, each chapter starts with a list of Threat Levels and resulting changes to the scenario as written.
LEVEL 0: BASELINE
¦ Operation Antigen activity: None
¦ Kindred awareness: None
¦ Mechanics: None
LEVEL 1: CURIOSITY
¦ Operation Antigen activity: Surveillance is established on a small number of locations and individuals. Where reasonable pretext can be established, normal government agencies are tipped off to raid or close properties, or to arrest inconsequential retainers, allies and contacts on criminal charges (either legitimately or by using fabricated evidence). Vampires on the fringes of Kindred society who are unlikely to be missed - e.g. unregistered autarkis, Anarchs, and thin-bloods - are also targeted. ¦ Kindred awareness: The loss of the odd human associate is inconvenient, but not troubling. Some may comment on the unusual efficiency of the mortal authorities. Exercising influence over mortal institutions may lead to unexpected or disappointing results. Vampires who are well connected at street level may notice the absence of some of their kine and Kindred associates. Vampires that attempt to investigate these matters find dead ends or are blocked by unexpected bureaucracy. ¦ Mechanics: NoneLEVEL 2: SUSPICION
¦ Operation Antigen activity: Surveillance programs are expanded, with focus on voice and electronic communications. Warrants are granted to provide access to CCTV systems controlled by Transport for London and many London boroughs councils. Criminal charges are raised against more influential suspects, and the havens of minor IC0 targets are 
fa l l o f lo n D o n 
raided directly by agents of Operation Antigen.¦ Kindred awareness: Trusted retainers with high awareness report being followed, and others report being questioned by plain clothes police officers. Other key mortal and ghoul associates are inaccessible due to arrest, or because they refuse - or are unable to - respond to communications. Several neonates and ancilla known to the Court fail to attend, and do not respond to communications. Kindred that are willing to discuss their concerns are perturbed to find that they are shared by others. The likelihood of these events being random and unconnected seems small, but any attempts to investigate and corroborate them are in vain.¦ Mechanics: All hunting rolls in the city center and other busy public places are made at +1 Difficulty. If tests are made using the Allies, Contacts or Influence Backgrounds these tests are also made at +1 Difficulty. LEVEL 3: PARANOIA ¦ Operation Antigen activity: Surveillance is further expanded, and many suspect communications are being monitored in real time by GHCQ. Detector vans are deployed, and mobile phones are covertly cloned to gather more data. Armed police units are deployed at all major transport hubs, and Tube stations are temporarily and suddenly closed without notice 
   
LEVEL 4: PANIC
¦ Operation Antigen activity: Surveillance is near total, and most of the codes used by the IC0 conspiracy have been broken. Hardened security checkpoints are established at all national rail stations, motorways and airports. Additional resources are provided to support Operation Antigen on the ground. All known suspects still at large are targeted, and any new suspects identified from open movement or open communication will be 
   
to trap unsuspecting Kindred travelers. New security and screening procedures are widely adopted by government departments and key businesses. Working jointly with the British Transport Police, British Telecom and Thames Water, teams from Operation Antigen are sent below ground to survey and secure underground spaces. Those linked to Antigen's previous targets are the next to find their havens raided. ¦ Kindred awareness: Influence over mortal institutions is greatly reduced to the point where the Masquerade cannot be guaranteed. Loyal contacts placed in organizations who have not yet been discovered by Operation Antigen report changes in management, anti-corruption initiatives and psychometric and biometric testing. Vampires known to use public transport fail to show up for meetings. Nosferatu report that SchrekNET has been compromised and that the Internet should not be used at all to communicate about Kindred affairs. Public meetings of Kindred are moved to more secure and low-key locations, and codes are adopted in communications to try and fool eavesdroppers. The feelings of the city's elders are that while there is clearly a concerted effort by mortal authorities to take control, it is something that can be handled and turned around. Vampires that are more paranoid start planning to hide or flee the city. ¦ Mechanics: All hunting rolls in the city center and other busy public places are made at +2 Difficulty, with a messy critical or a bestial failure resulting in the character being flagged by Operation Antigen. If tests are made using the Allies, Contacts or Influence Backgrounds, these tests are also made at +1 Difficulty. immediately ambushed. The security sweep underground continues, and areas cleared by Antigen are sealed and trapped. ¦ Kindred awareness: Concerted attempts to re-establish influence over government, law enforcement and media channels have failed, and even backfired. Queen Anne is forced to declare the threat too great and dissolves the Court with no further meetings planned. Most of the Kindred left in the city will attempt to leave, and a significant number of them are destroyed in the process. Those that choose not to leave go completely dark to avoid detection. With no trust in the mortal world around them, at this point it is every vampire for themselves. ¦ Mechanics: All hunting rolls in the city center and other busy public places are made at +3 Difficulty, with a messy critical or a bestial failure resulting in the character being flagged by Operation Antigen. Any use of the Allies, Contacts, and Influence Backgrounds requires a successful Manipulation + Leadership or Manipulation + Intimidation test against a Difficulty equal to the dot value of the Background. ¦ Operation Antigen activity: Full access to the city's government, transport and communications. A comprehensive dossier of intelligence has been collected on all suspects and their associates, and London is deemed to be freed of supernatural conspiracy. Conscious of infection and a possible resurgence of the IC0 problem, Operation Antigen remains in place and vigilant to ensure it does not return. Attention turns to other cities in the UK, where similar operations will now begin. ¦ Kindred awareness: The Kindred populace and their leadership have been eliminated. London is no longer a prized domain, and word quickly spreads to vampire communities in the US and in Europe that it is no longer safe to visit. The few resident Kindred that have survived the purge remain as quiet and innocuous as possible.¦ Mechanics: As per Level 4 above, and all Allies, Contacts, and Influence ratings possessed by any Kindred are reduced by 1 level permanently. I n T Ro D U C T I o n
LEVEL 5: DISASTER
   

   

   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
familiar with the legend of Mithras, and it's important to seed this information among the players to give the story an appropriate context, and to foreshadow what is to come.
   While the primary plot of this chronicle concerns Mithras' agenda, the secondary plot concerning the rise of Operation Antigen must not be forgotten. While the players are likely to fight with agents of Operation Antigen in this chapter, the goal is not to capture or kill them, but simply to give them a warning and provide some insight into the things to come.
   Unfamiliarity is a theme that can be played broadly for all player characters in these opening scenes. The world has changed significantly during their time in torpor. While the characters might recognize things like telephones, automobiles, and weapons, other objects such as computers, smartphones, and drones are a total mystery. People also dress very differently from what the characters are used to.
   The opening scenes are also a good opportunity for the players to consider the morality of their characters and what they stand for. Confronted with weak and defenseless humans as victims, do they use them, ignore them, or protect them?
Chapter Background
The characters are all Heralds of the Sun, an elite of the Cult of Mithras who long ago volunteered to enter torpor until such time that they would be needed. The manner of their incarceration involved a ritual of Blood Sorcery intended to prevent an accidental or unplanned awakening.
   The sarcophagi into which the characters were interred by the Cult of Mithras were found several months ago by construction workers at the Walbrook Square site in central London. Digging deep shafts to lay foundations for the new Bloomberg headquarters building, the workers on site uncovered many different Roman-era artifacts, including shards of pottery, weapon fragments, and human skeletons. The intact sarcophagi were unusual and important finds, but were not unexpected. Construction was halted long enough for archaeologists sponsored by the Museum of London to study the artifacts on site. Afterwards they were carefully excavated, and a week ago they were transported off site for further analysis.
   The Malkavian Darius Shirazi is closely connected to the Museum of London. After hearing about the discovery, he arranged for the sarcophagi to be diverted in transit from the Museum's main store in Hackney, to another warehouse owned by the Museum of London Docklands. This building also happens to be the place where the ruins of London's original Temple of Mithras are currently being stored, pending the completion of the construction project at the Walbrook site.
   Shirazi is a loyal member of the Mithraic Cult, and one of the few remaining in London at the time the story begins. He was instructed by Pater Thomas to retrieve the sarcophagi and awaken the Kindred inside. He has been waiting patiently to receive the artifact needed to complete the revivification ritual.
   On the night our story begins, two vampires - Mickey Wheeler and Adelino Da Silva - arrive at the warehouse to see Shirazi. These vampires arrive in a van with blacked out windows registered to a private security company called Syndexioi Ltd, the same company that provides the building's normal security. They are accompanied by a mortal driver, who remains in the van, and a squad of four mortal security guards who are dressed in full combat gear and armed with automatic rifles. 
   The guards deploy from the van and haul out multiple human captives, who are gagged and have their hands tied behind their backs. After escorting the victims inside, the guards take up stations - two by the main gate of the compound, and two by the main entrance to the building itself.
   The vampire visitors are acquainted with Shirazi and are fledgling members of the same Mithraic cult cell. They have brought with them a genuine Mithraic artifact - an antique goblet adorned with symbols of the Mysteries that has been used in countless rituals over the years. The artifact was given to them by Pater Thomas at Mithras' behest to awaken the characters. The human captives are to provide the newly awakened Heralds with sustenance. Shirazi is not aware of the mission that will be given to the characters after this.
   


Scene One: A Rude Awakening
The characters awaken one by one is a dingy storeroom in the basement of a warehouse. 
   The first sensation they experience is the rich taste of blood in their mouths, followed by the uncomfortable realization they are lying horizontally and strapped to a table. Each character realizes they are being fed vitae from a ceramic goblet by a bald man with ebony black skin - this is Adelino Da Silva. He wears a similarly plain black button-up shirt, trousers and shoes. As the man pours the blood from the goblet, he mutters something quietly and reverently in Latin. 
  As each character takes in their surroundings they notice that, aside from each other, the metal tables they are strapped to, and the man waking them up, there is very little else of interest in the room. The walls are whitewashed breezeblocks, and the floor and high ceilings are concrete. A large reinforced metal door opened ajar marks the only exit from the room. Each character notices the clothes they are wearing are rags pitted heavily with dirt and mildew. Their hair is matted, and there is also dirt encrusted under their fingernails. 
   The blood given to each character is vampire blood, and while exceptionally tasty there is not much of it - only enough to awaken the vampire from torpor and whet their appetite. Paranoid characters who would rather know what they are ingesting can only protest - it is too late to refuse. Each character's Hunger rating should be set to 4 as a result of this paltry meal. 
   Any characters who focus on the goblet may make an Intelligence + Occult test to learn more about it. Any character who succeeds at Difficulty 2 recognizes Mithraic symbols, such as the slayed bull or the radiant sun disk. Those who succeed at Difficulty 4 also recognize other more arcane symbols normally associated with Blood Sorcery. A similar test at Difficulty 2 can be made concerning the arcane words whispered by the stranger, which are part of a prayer to the deity Mithras. If any character makes the connection to Mithras, it is an opportune time for the Storyteller to remind them of what they know about their background, the Blooding, and the reasons for them entering torpor in the first place. 
   
  
¦ He freely admits he is Kindred, his name is Adelino Da Silvo, and his lineage is of the Brujah clan.¦ He acknowledges that - like the characters - he is initiated in the Mithraic Mysteries, but he has only been a member for a decade.¦ He answers to 'Pater Thomas', the leader of the cult.¦ He has some modest knowledge of Blood Sorcery.¦ He knows the characters were retrieved from a crypt in Central London.   The characters are not gagged and are free to speak. The man initially tries to ignore the characters until all of them are awake, not because he wishes to be rude, but because he is determined to finish his task as quickly as possible. He remains deferential and respectful to the characters, even if they insult or threaten him.  
   Once all characters are awake, or if one of them is incessant, the vampire tells them:
   
¦ He confirms their current location is in the Docklands, in east London.¦ He confirms the year is now 2012, and Queen Anne rules London's Kindred.¦ He can't offer any answers or details regarding any Mithraic cells, temples, or initiates that were around prior to the Second World War, when the characters were last awake.   If any character asks about Mithras directly, Adelino looks suddenly fraught. Although he knows and believes Mithras was destroyed 70 years ago, it has suddenly occurred to him the characters are unaware of the news, and he is reluctant to be the one to tell them. He shakes his head, and if pressed much further he flees the room in dismay. 
   The characters are not likely to tolerate being held captive for long. Adelino says they were strapped 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
THe MITHRaIC WaReHoUse
The warehouse is a large rectangular edifice of concrete, brick, and steel constructed approximately 30 years ago in the Royal Docks area of the Dockland, on the north bank of the Thames. Its walls are an uninspiring gray, and its windows are small and obscured by blinds. While the building appears to be poorly maintained, there are no obvious signs of damage. It is almost as if a deliberate attempt has been made to make the building seem as innocuous as possible.
   The building squats approximately 20 meters from the bank of the Thames, within a larger compound bounded by a high security fence made of chain-link and barbed wire. The compound is large enough to accommodate several large trucks, or dozens of smaller vehicles, but at night it is almost completely empty. The tarmac floor of the compound shows significant signs of weathering and damage, and green plants are starting to poke through some of the cracks. beyond the fence to the north there is a strip of thick undergrowth, with bushes that have grown taller than head height. To the south, on the other side of the fence, there is another complex of buildings.
   Primary access to the site is through a gate in the fence on the eastern edge of the compound, which leads out onto a road. next to the gate there is a small security booth which is constantly occupied by private security guards. Each shift normally comprises two guards, who take turns every 30 minutes to walk the perimeter of the compound. There is also a second gate in the fence on the western side, which provides access to a small concrete wharf on the riverside, and which is closed and padlocked at night. The compound is also monitored by CCTV cameras with feeds delivered to the security booth, and a desk inside the building.
   The inside of the building is split into different levels. The ground floor is mostly one large, cavernous space filled with shelves and storage crates. The basement area is a warren of smaller storage rooms and cupboards, along with showers, toilets, and changing rooms for staff. The upper level in the roof is devoted to office space and meeting rooms. 
   Mortal Activities: The warehouse is currently leased by its owners to the Museum of London. The official purpose of the building is to be an overflow site for storing archaeological materials and historical artifacts. 
   Dominant Faction/Individual: Darius shirazi, representing his cell of the Mithraic Mysteries.
   Kindred Activities: shirazi has arranged for selected items from the Museum's catalogue to be placed here for Kindred to view by private arrangement. Of significant interest are the ruins of the original Temple of Mithras, which have been relocated to this storage site while the Walbrook site in central london is excavated and redeveloped. 
   
down for their own protection, as some Kindred are prone to frenzy upon awakening from a long period in torpor. If the characters agree to remain calm, Adelino slowly releases them. However, if any of them become violent or genuinely enter frenzy, he backs away and exits the room, closing the door and leaving them strapped to the table inside. If anyone is free to chase him, Adelino uses Celerity to escape the scene at lightning speed. 
   Any character who wants to free themselves from their restraints without assistance needs to pass a Strength + Strength test at Difficulty 3. Breaking open the door from the inside is even harder, using a similar test, at a Difficulty of 5. 
   A character with Auspex may attempt to use the level 2 power Scry the Soul to learn more about Adelino and his intentions. His aura indicates he is honest and holds the characters in genuine esteem.
   Assuming the characters do not scare Adelino away, he invites them into the next room, where sustenance awaits. He also promises the characters' remaining questions will be answered properly after they have eaten. 
Scene Two: A Common Banquet
Regardless of how the characters progress from the last scene, they leave the room to enter an annex of the warehouse basement. This is a larger rectangular space with a similar high ceiling and whitewashed breezeblock walls, with multiple doorways on all sides. The characters may note the door to their room has metal bars which can be locked into position to trap the occupants inside, and that several other doors here have similar mechanisms. A series of other normal-looking doors lead to a functioning shower room, toilet facilities, and storage cupboards holding industrial cleaning supplies. 
   In the center of this area several plastic refuse sacks of used clothes and footwear have been tipped out onto the floor. Adelino gestures at the pile for the characters to help themselves, but he suggests maybe they should wait until after they have properly fed. 
  To emphasize this point, he unlocks one of the other cell doors, and reaches inside to drag out a series of people: 
¦ Two unconscious and unkempt older men, who smell quite bad.
¦ Two young women in smart-casual attire who are awake, and have been bound and gagged.
¦ Two young men wearing overalls, who are also awake and have been bound and gagged.
   Adelino carefully positions himself so the mortals are between him and the characters, and his back is to one of the exits. He gestures for the characters to help themselves, in the hope they are more interested in the food immediately in front of them. 
   While the characters may voluntarily react in horror or disgust, the Beast within each of them may feel otherwise. As a provocation for their Hunger, each character should immediately make a Willpower test at Difficulty 3. Remember Willpower may not be used to re-roll any dice in Willpower tests. Any character who fails immediately succumbs to Hunger frenzy and descends upon the nearest victim. 
   The Storyteller should remind any affected players that a character in frenzy can spend a Willpower 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
to gain some temporary control of their actions. Otherwise, the Storyteller should temporarily dictate the actions of each frenzied character. Each frenzy ends after the character's Hunger rating has been reduced to 1 or less by feeding from one or more of these mortals. A frenzied character doesn't kill one of these mortals if they do not wish to, unless there is no other way (due to high Blood Potency) to reduce their Hunger rating sufficiently. 
   Characters who retain their wits about them may decide to intervene and protect the mortals from those in frenzy, which likely results in physical conflict. In such cases the characters should make opposed Strength + Brawl tests. Of course, this just delays the inevitable, as the Hunger frenzy continues until the Beast has been sated. If any of the characters appeal to Adelino for assistance, he looks very uncomfortable and shake his head - he was specifically instructed to feed the Heralds, and he has no desire to prevent this from happening, regardless of how messy it gets. 
   Characters with a Humanity of 7 or more should have difficulty processing this scene. These captives have been kidnapped against their will, and those who are awake are clearly terrified. The characters may choose not to feed from these mortals at all, and may instead try to calm them, or even free them. If they free them, they need to decide what to do with them. The Storyteller may wish to remind the players these mortals know the faces of their characters and could describe them to the authorities. Adelino protests at any activity which deviates from feeding the characters and leading them into the next scene, but he grudgingly follows any instructions issued by the characters. 
   Characters with lower Humanity scores may be more ambivalent or even careless in their attitudes towards these mortal vessels. 
   Any character who does feed from any of the mortals - either voluntarily or otherwise - has their Hunger rating reduced. For those with a Blood Potency of 3 or less, drinking from 1 mortal is enough to reduce their Hunger rating to 1. Killing the victim is the only way to reduce their Hunger rating to 0. No character is forced to kill any of these mortals if they do not wish to. The Storyteller may however rule that killing a terrified mortal in this scene may generate a Dyscrasia. See Vampire p. 211-217 for more information about slaking hunger, and p. 226-231 for a discussion of resonance and Dyscrasias.
   In fact, characters that resist Hunger frenzy are not obliged to feed in this scene at all. Lady Catherine's Bane only allows her to drink from Natasha Kolisny. 
   The Storyteller should note that if any character acts in a morally dubious manner they immediately incur Stains on their Humanity. Killing or severely injuring a mortal -sating 3 or more Hunger from a single mortal - or acting against the chronicle Tenets, are all conditions under which the 
   
  

   
MORTAL CAPTIVES
Name: Henry Cooper Who They Are: Homeless elder, long abandoned by society
What They Want: some-
where warm and dry to sleep, a good meal, a bottle of whisky Resonance: Melancholy (reminisces about his departed wife)
Name: Patrick O'Toole Who They Are: supermarket worker and single father
What They Want: A better future for his baby daughter Resonance: Melancholy (angry at the absent mother, fiercely protective of his child)
Name: natasha Kolisnyk Who They Are: Promising young law student and rich Ukrainian immigrant
What They Want: To do  
well at university, to do her parents proud Resonance: Phlegmatic (life has handed everything to her on a silver plate)
Name: Terry McIsaac Who They Are: Homeless 
thief and drug addict
What They Want: another 
hit of cocaine
Resonance: Choleric (enjoys the rush and wants more) Name: anya Deleanu Who They Are: Gifted young medical student
What They Want: To start 
her own practice, to build a life with her girlfriend
Resonance: Choleric (passionate about helping people)
Name: oliver Thompson Who They Are: supermarket worker
What They Want: enough 
money to send home to care for his sick mother Resonance: sanguine (does whatever it takes to get by)
   
Storyteller can award Stains. For more information on Humanity and Stains see Vampire p. 236-241. 
   Returning to the pile of clothing on the floor after feeding, the characters find clothes of many different styles and sizes - assume that each character to find something that fits, even if it doesn't properly suit their personality. The Storyteller should encourage the players to come up with their own descriptions of the mismatching modern clothes that they choose. All should remember that the characters have been in torpor for a long time and don't have any concept of modern fashion. The characters also can wash themselves using the facilities provided. 
   Assuming the mortal vessels are not freed or killed, Adelino now drags them back into their cell. Once the characters are ready to proceed, Adelino leads them out of this area, along a corridor, and up a set of stairs into the main warehouse area. 
   Passing stacks of crates, and shelves piled high with various cardboard and plastic containers, they go through another door, and up some more stairs leading into a hallway. Here the characters enter Shirazi's office and the next scene. 
Scene Three: A Mission from God
Adelino leads the characters into Darius Shirazi's personal office. The rectangular room has a large desk at one narrow end, and bookcases line the wall opposite. The entrance into the room sits in the middle of one of the longer walls, and the opposite wall is broken by a continuous a row of narrow windows placed just above head height. Lateral, venetian-style blinds on the inside of each window reveal a limited view of the night's sky. The interior decoration of the room is mostly brown and drab, and recalls the 1970s era. The desk is a sturdy construction of mahogany. Several chairs are arrayed in front of it, and a chocolate brown leather sofa is pushed back against the wall to one side. 
   Shirazi is seated behind the desk in a plush, brown leather office chair and immediately jumps to his feet as the characters enter. Another man in a denim jacket and with stringy blonde hair, Mickey Wheeler, is standing to the side of the desk, and he gives the characters an appraising look as they enter. 
   Shirazi is clearly thrilled to meet everyone. He asks each character for their name and attempts to shake their hand. He enthusiastically introduces Mickey and himself as loyal worshipers of Mithras. 
   He goes on to say that he is writing a biography of the great methuselah for posterity and gladly waxes lyrical on the subject (which may benefit players who are not familiar with the material). 
   Conversation may quickly turn to the fate of Mithras, in which case Shirazi's face turns grave. He explains that the common belief in the Court of London is that Mithras was destroyed by one of the many bombs dropped on London during the Second World War. He also goes on to say that the Cult of Mithras secretly knows a different tale: that a traitor from within the cult turned on their master and savior. Shirazi and the other remaining faithful followers of the Mithraic Mysteries now await his prophesied return.
  If the characters comment on the captive mortals held downstairs, Shirazi grimaces and apologizes, saying that he had a duty to ensure the characters were properly fed. If pressed, Shirazi goes on to say that the mortals will come to no further harm while they are in his care, and promises to reintroduce them into mortal society with no memory of these events. If any of the mortals were killed in the last scene, Shirazi shrugs mournfully and promises to take care of the mess. 
   If asked about their location and how they got here, Shirazi imparts what he knows. He can also give them some more general information about the area - such as local transport options, local feeding options, and Queen Anne's ban on Kindred entering Canary Wharf. If any character asks about money or currency, Shirazi produces one thousand pounds of cash rolled into a bundle consisting of 50 and 20 pound notes, which he offers freely as a gift to be shared between the coterie. Shirazi also has a collection of 'burner' mobile phones in his desk and offers one to each character. If any character has difficulty using the phones, given these did not exist in 1940, Mickey impatiently shows them.
   Any character who succeeds a Wits + Insight test with a Difficulty of 2 can discern that all three Kindred are awed to be in the presence of the characters, and that they are not dissembling or knowingly withhold-
   
  


   

   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
  As soon as the alarm is raised, Adelino and Mickey run out of Shirazi's office to investigate and join the line of defense. Shirazi lingers in his office collecting paraphernalia to place in his briefcase. The characters can follow any or all these cultists, or they can go their own way. 
   Regardless of how this scene plays out, the Storyteller should take care not to trap the characters so that they cannot proceed with the story. The characters need to be introduced to Operation Antigen and the serious threat it poses to Kindred of London, but they need to escape intact to spread the tale. 
Reconnaissance
If any of the characters ask Shirazi to explain what is going on, he does not know, but suggests that they check the feeds from the building's CCTV system, which are delivered to a bank of screens in the room next to the office. 
   Alternatively, the end of the hallway outside the office ends in a door marked "Fire Exit", which leads out onto the flat roof of the building. From the edge of the roof anyone can peer down to see what is going on, though they may become targets in the process. 
  Either way, the characters can make out the approach of the Antigen forces on all sides and see rapid exchanges of gunfire between these forces and the defending Syndexioi security teams. If any character focuses on identifying the assailants, the Storyteller should ask them to may make a Wits + Awareness test at Difficulty 3 - if they are successful, they identify the word POLICE on the jackets and vests worn by some of these people. If the characters benefit from the early warning noted above, they also witness several heavily armed raiders force an entry at the rear of the building. 
Escape Routes
The characters can try to immediately exit the building from its front or rear entrances, but if they do so they run into the approaching Antigen forces and must fight or evade them. Even if they make it out of the compound, the police officers pursue them to the best of their ability. 
   If any of the characters ask Shirazi the best way out, he says that there is an escape tunnel in the basement. He's no more specific than that, as he's busy collecting his things. If the characters decide to look for it themselves they need to get past the Antigen forces on the ground level, and then pass a Wits + Investigation test at Difficulty 3 to locate the tunnel entrance, which is concealed underneath the tray of the shower in the men's changing rooms. If the characters instead decide to wait a precious few minutes for Shirazi to collect his things, and they escort him successfully to the basement, he shows them the way out.
   The tunnel itself is small, cramped, dark and wet. The characters can proceed hunched and in single file in a straight line for approximately 50 meters all the way to the bank of the river Thames. Upon exit, a Difficulty 3 Dexterity + Athletics test is needed to avoid falling into the water. Above the tunnel entrance, an earthen riverbank leads to the compound of another industrial building, and from here the characters can find the road. 
   Another viable exit strategy is to wait for the Antigen forces to enter the warehouse, and jump from the roof to the riverfront, where only a handful of agents are left guarding a police dinghy. The jump requires a Difficulty 3 Strength + Athletics test, and those that fail take 3 points of superficial damage from the fall. Once on the ground it should be possible to intimidate, compel or dispatch these men and women, and commandeer the dinghy to make their escape. Piloting the craft requires a Difficulty 3 Wits + Technology test to start the engine, and then another Difficulty 3 Dexterity + Drive test to maneuver it safely on the water. 
Facing the Intruders
Unless the characters decide to jump from the roof, they need to descend from the upper floor of the building to the ground floor. As they enter the main warehouse area, they encounter the armed squad.
   If the characters move quickly and take advantage of the early warning they received by spotting the drone above, they initially only have two police officers to face. If nobody spotted the drone, or if the characters linger to wait for Shirazi, they instead encounter a larger force of five who have taken up positions around the warehouse floor. 
   Regardless of how many police officers there are, the engagements proceed in the same way. The officers initially call out a warning, asking the characters to put their hands up and submit to arrest. If the characters do not comply, the officers respond with lethal force, firing full-auto bursts with their rifles. 
   If the the initiative combat rules are being used, first compare Composure + Awareness of every character in the scene to determine the acting order order. All characters need to make Dexterity + Athletics test at Difficulty 2 to avoid the hail of bullets. Those that fail the roll each take 5 points of superficial gunfire damage (halved but rounded up to 3 boxes of actual Health damage). 
   Sensible characters that seek to avoid further conflict can attempt a Dexterity + Stealth test at Difficulty 2 or 4 (explained below) to duck and hide behind the crates and shelves as they make their way towards the basement or one of the ground-level entrances. If the extra Antigen personnel are already in the building, the Difficulty of this test is increased from 1 success to 3 successes. If any character fails, the Antigen officers respond by throwing a flash-bang grenade at their position - see p.228 for the rules for these weapons.
   Any character who goes toeto-toe with the armed officers in the warehouse, or outside in the warehouse compound, should quickly realize that these mortals are no easy prey, and that they are carrying hardened wooden stakes which indicate their awareness of vampires. Anyone staying to fight should also see the area filling with more police in their peripheral vision. The Storyteller should urge any stubborn characters that fleeing is really the best course of action. 
The Cultists
Darius Shirazi is keen to escape but tarries long enough to empty the contents of the drawer of his desk into a briefcase. With any encounter with the police he uses his powers of Obfuscate to disappear. This may be problematic for any characters who are with him, but Shirazi lingers in the basement of the warehouse for as long as it remains safe to do so to see if anyone joins him. He feels some obliga-
C h A P T E R 1 - A DA R K A n D STO R M y n I g h T
tion to the characters through his loyalty to the cult of Mithras, but he also has a compulsive curiosity regarding the goblet artifact now in the coterie's possession. If the characters exit the scene by some other means, Shirazi leaves alone, possibly to return later in the story. 
   Adelino and Mickey have served their purpose, buying enough time for the characters to escape. They are presumed to have been destroyed by the Antigen forces, and the characters are unlikely to see them again.
Scene Five: Escape!
If the characters escaped using the tunnel, and Shirazi is with them, he is willing to talk a little more once everyone is safely removed from danger. If the coterie was separated from the Malkavian but still used the tunnel, he hovers on the riverbank near its exit to see if the characters appear. 
   The Malkavian was not expecting the attack, and is clearly upset about losing access to the antiquities stored in the building, which he describes as being of great value to the Mithraic cult. 
   The characters already know about Queen Anne's party, but they may wish to press Shirazi for more inside knowledge that might help them in their quest. Shirazi can help them, but he also seeks concessions - he would like to examine the goblet, and interview each of the Heralds to further his 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 

C h A P T E R 1 - A DA R K A n D STO R M y n I g h T

   

   
CHAPTER 2	
sunset of
flames
	"London is mine. I worked for it. 	he characters must meet Queen Anne 
Raised it to greatness while others wallowed in their godhood." Tthe seal she holds for Mithras. Bowesley Bowesley, Prince of London, to collect 
is hosting a lavish party at the top of 
- PRInCE AnnE BOWESLEy	the newly opened Shard building, to which all the Camarilla vampires of London are invited. The event is certain to be impressive, although many question the wisdom of holding such a gathering with growing threat of Operation Antigen. 
   While there is apparently nothing sinister to the invitation, some Kindred suspect Queen Anne will consider those who don't attend disloyal. In such troubled times, few are willing to cast aside the protection of their Prince with such impudence. As the threat level grows, such favor will become all the more important to the Kindred of London. Several rumors also suggest 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
that Queen Anne will reward those who show loyalty and trust by ensuring their safety in this time of crisis. Exactly how she plans to do this is unclear. However, she is the Prince of one of the largest and most powerful cities in the world, so surely she has a plan.
   Queen Anne does indeed have a plan, but it is one borne of diplomatic necessity, ruthless self-interest, and no small amount of fear and desperation. She is in a bad situation, but she is also at her most dangerous when backed into a corner. 
   Few Kindred in the city are more aware than Queen Anne of just how much danger London is currently in. Her contacts have already intimated to her the scale of Operation Antigen, and she believes the city could fall. To make matters worse, she has received a few reports that suggest Mithras, or at least someone wielding some of his old influence, may be back. It is nothing concrete, just a few flickers of activity in some parts of the city, but they have sparked her paranoia. She truly hopes it is nothing to be concerned about, but where Mithras is concerned she takes no chances. To fully claim the Princedom herself, Queen Anne had to declare Mithras officially dead. While plenty of Kindred have ruled London as a Mithras' Regent over the centuries, no one but Queen Anne has ever had the temerity to fully claim the domain. Queen Anne is in no doubt that if Mithras somehow survived, he will not let such flagrant disrespect go unpunished.
   Should Antigen and Mithras indeed force Queen Anne to flee London, she wants to be able to return to retake the city one day - and she knows the Kindred have long memories. If she runs, she needs to ensure she doesn't look like a coward for doing so. To hold court while the city is in conflict, and in such a public place, makes it appear as if Queen Anne fears nothing. Should one of the invited Kindred lead Operation Antigen to her doorstep, Anne has a plan for that too.
   The Shard is built to withstand any assault, and physically scaling the building or coming in by helicopter are the only ways up with Queen Anne's people controlling the elevators for the duration of the event. Queen Anne's security is also top-notch, well-armed, and completely loyal to her. If Antigen assaults the Shard and doesn't do its homework properly, Queen 
Anne's defenses will squash the attack. If, on the other 
hand, Antigen comes prepared, it'll know attacking the Shard requires an all-in force - leaving the rest of the city clear from core Antigen forces. In such an event, Queen Anne can withdraw to a safe location, if she can successfully escape the Shard. No one will blame her for running from such an assault, and the Camarilla might even think better of her for surviving it. And should the Antigen panic turn out to be a fuss over nothing, she will have proved her leadership by treating the rumors with the contempt they deserved. 
It's a win-win for her. 
   Unfortunately, Queen Anne doesn't know that Camden is feeding information to Operation Antigen, nor that the hunters are fully briefed on the Shard and tonight's party. An attack on the Shard is not just a possibility Queen Anne needs to contend with. It is a certainty.
   Luckily for the characters this means Queen Anne cares very little for the artifact Mithras put in her possession - she has enough to think about already. However, she's never been one to give away even scraps for free, and asks the characters for a favor if they want the artifact: kill her sire, the previous regent Valerius, one of the most powerful elders in London, and one of the few who might disrupt Anne's plans of returning years into the future.
Storyteller Goals
The theme of this chapter is decadence and arrogance. For centuries, the vampires of London had enjoyed complete power over the city. Even with his occasional absences, Mithras provided one of the most stable Princedoms in the Camarilla. Queen Anne is the first person to truly claim the throne from Mithras and, as a shrewd and clever leader, has maintained the stability of the city. London is one of the centers of the world, a city where everything is available for Kindred, be they commodities or prey.
¦ THREAT LEVEL 0-1: No Kindred are worried, and this is any other night at the Elysium¦ THREAT LEVEL 2-3: While this will be an ordinary Elysium on the surface, a few rumors are growing that many Kindred want answers to. However, the Kindred will be collectively wondering which of them is making a move, not if they are all under attack. Most will reason the party is a good place to find out more and see who has taken which side.¦ THREAT LEVEL 4: It is clear the city is under attack and it is now everyone for themselves. Few elders will risk joining any large gathering, but many of the younger Kindred will be looking for safety in numbers. The fear in the gathering will be very evident and everyone is looking for allies or an escape route.¦ THREAT LEVEL 5: Anyone who could escape the city is already gone. The Kindred here are either terrified or utterly in denial. Most hope Queen Anne has a plan to help them, but plenty are simply enjoying what remains of their existence while they can.  London's Kindred have grown fat and arrogant in the Ivory Tower. Many point to London as proof the Camarilla works. Here the elders reign and yet there is plenty for everyone. Operation Antigen is going to change all this, however, and punish the Kindred for their arrogance. True to form, the elders are more than ready to sacrifice the younger generations to save themselves.
   The events of this chapter should take place within a single night. However, it's going to be a very busy one so the Storyteller should make sure the characters have a full night to get everything done. While Queen Anne's plan remains the same no matter what stage Operation Antigen is at, the atmosphere at the party and who might be in attendance will change depending on the Threat Level.
Prelude: Invitation-Only
If the characters paid attention to Shirazi in the opening chapter, they will know Queen Anne is hosting some sort of party. The business card they have is for a Lady Scarlett Churchill and offers a single mobile phone number. What they learn if they phone this num ber depends on how the Storyteller wants to run the story.  If the Storyteller wants to skip straight to the chapter, Lady Scarlett will answer the phone and be forthcoming with information for a party that has already begun. Having her number reveals they are Kindred 
with high-placed Camarilla friends - Lady Scarlett has less than a singly handful of current cards circulating at any given time. However, if the Storyteller wants to run the optional encounters below, Lady Scarlett will either not pick up the phone or tell the characters the bare minimum, intimating that anyone who was really invited would know where to go. If the characters don't call Lady Scarlett, or need a nudge in the right direction to remind them about the party, the Storyteller can also use one or both of these encounters to get them on track. The locations can be changed to ensure they are in the right place for the characters to run into them.
   Whether they learn all they need to know from Lady Scarlett or an encounter, the characters should know the following by the end of this prelude:
¦ There is an Elysium party being held at the Shard for Kindred. ¦ A special entrance for Kindred is located on the reception level and marked with the symbol of  the Camarilla.¦ It is being hosted by Queen Anne, the current Prince of London.¦ Not going may well be a serious social faux pas.¦ Any London Kindred are invited, but they should bring a gift for the hostess.Encounter 1: Feeding
This first encounter can be run anytime the characters decide they need to feed. It will also work best if the Threat Level is 3 or lower. In this scene the characters find themselves near Great Portland Street, where most buildings and shops have closed for the day, but plenty of people are walking the streets on their way out for the evening. The characters come across a pub called The Albany whose basement function room, The Other Place, is hosting a club night called Outcast Sector.
   A few smokers hang around outside the entrance in a roped off smoking area and music echoes out every time the door opens to let someone in. The club itself is tiny, little more than a dance floor and a bar. It is dark and crowded and smells of spilled beer.
   It is quite easy to find a victim here. Against the edges of the place it is dark, and a few couples kiss in 
   

   
Encounter 2: Execution
This encounter is best used if the Threat Level is 4 or higher, and Kindred are aware of the real Antigen threat. It is set in one of the wealthier central residential areas of London, such as Chelsea or Kensington. As the characters walk the streets, Lady Catherine gets a memory flashback (without invoking a Memoriam, as this one is vital to running the encounter). She remembers having been in this street before, and that nearby is the Haven of a Kindred they can trust. Whether the place is still there or the Kindred in question really is trustworthy remains unconfirmed. All Catherine has is a series of images and feelings that point in the direction of a particular house. If Catherine is not present, Tommy or Dr Banerjee might have the flashback, though to them the Kindred would be a contemporary rather than a neonate.
   Catherine will be able to lead the characters to a rather nondescript house on a residential street. Unlike most of the other three floor houses in this street, this one hasn't been divided up into expensive flats. However, when they arrive, the characters find there is a black sedan parked outside and police tape over the entrance. It appears the place has become a crime scene. Thankfully, whatever happened appears to be long over as there are no police vans or officers in sight.
   If the characters want to get into the house they will have to find a way to break in. This will require picking a lock, a Difficulty 4 Dexterity + Larceny test, or breaking a window with Strength + Brawl at Difficulty 3. No one on the street can see what the vampires are doing if they angle their bodies right, and while the house has a high-end security system, it is currently turned off. Sadly, while Catherine's flashback is correct, Operation Antigen got there first. Catherine's friend has become one of the early victims in the first wave of clearances. These small operations have been designed to take out known IC0s, tidy loose ends, and clarify their current intelligence before running the larger operations they have planned.
  The operation here is over and only two agents remain on site (use stats for one Sergeant and one Surveillance Operative on p.25 of Chapter One). Unluckily for the player character's friend, after hours of torture, they have met their final death. Their shriveled corpse remains bound (and nailed) to the kitchen table, hooked up to several rather unpleasant devices. The two agents have completed their interrogation and are listening to the recording on a laptop before sending it to head office. The characters should arrive in time to hear some of the recording, which has Catherine's friend reveal the party at the Shard.
   If Catherine sees the body in the kitchen, she will have another flashback, remembering her friend as Miles Cavendish, a then Ventrue neonate. She will remember several moments of friendship and companionship with Miles, mostly conversation in the roaring '20s. Catherine's player decides if Miles was a close enough friend that his death warrants a frenzy check. Even if not though, the character might try to stop information on the Shard from returning to Antigen.
   The agents will try to escape rather than fight to the death, but may not have much option if the characters are enraged. Should the characters capture them, all they really know is that a major operation has already begun in London - they were sent here to verify information about the Shard. The agents will plead for their lives, and to casually murder them risks a Stain. However, letting them go, knowing what the characters look like, puts them on Operation Antigen's priority list and effectively raises the Threat Level for them by 1. 
   If the agents are defeated the characters can listen to the recording. Between screams, Miles reveals many things, including the party at the Shard and the gift-bringing requirement. The recording is also a nightmarish warning not to fall into the hands of Operation Antigen. The laptop is clean of anything else useful.
Scene One: The Scepter
This part of the adventure really begins when the characters decide to visit the Shard.
   As part of the invitation the characters should also know they need to bring a gift of some form. The nature of this gift has been left intentionally vague by Queen Anne, as it serves several purposes. It shows her who actually pays attention to details, has the brass and cleverness to find a gift under Antigen's nose, and who is loyal enough do as they are told. Such Kindred might be worth saving, or making use of.
   
FA L Lfa l l o f lo n D o n O F LO N	O N
Finding a Gift
The first order of business for the characters should be finding a gift, or deciding not to bring one at all. If they do want to bring a gift, the question is, what should it be? The invitation offers no clues, so it is up to the characters to think of something. While this scene is for the Storyteller to improvise, it is entirely down to the characters to do all the work. Instead of giving them a list of options the Storyteller should just ask them what they are looking for and take it from there. If they can't think of anything, they'll have to go empty handed. 
  Having said that, a kind Storyteller can prompt the players with a few ideas to give them a start. This should be a simple side quest, so it shouldn't take all evening or be too hard. Just ask what they are after, put a couple of stumbling blocks in their way (such as a guard or basic security system), and let the characters get what they want. The chronicle shouldn't end with Operation Antigen laying siege to Harrods after a shopping expedition goes bad.
   As to what they should look for, gold and jewels may be a popular suggestion. This will either mean robbing a victim or a high-end jewelry store. It shouldn't need to be said that Queen Anne will probably notice if her gift is a cut price knock off. While most shops may be closed by now, there are plenty of places to break into in the city.
   However, while such gift ideas are charming, they are also painfully mundane. So the head of one of her enemies, the blood of the Inquisition, information on someone's hide out, a vessel with special Resonance, are all much more impressive. The Storyteller should encourage the characters to think outside the box.
Getting in
Given the Shard also hosts several mortal businesses, security at the main entrance is not very tight. Pretty much anyone can walk into the retail areas and ground floors of the Shard even though most of the shops will be shut at night. A Wits + Awareness at Difficulty 4 lets the character spot a lift area marked with a local symbol of the Camarilla as soon as they enter. The same test at Difficulty 3 requires a bit more looking around.
   
  
THe sHaRD
The shard is london's tallest building, and one of the tallest in europe, reaching over 1000 feet into the city skyline. It was just completed in 2012 and is a multi-functional building containing a shopping arcade, hotel, viewing deck, and an array of business offices. The Shard commands a spectacular view over most of the city.
   The shard is located in Southwark on the south bank of the Thames, across the water from the City, the financial hub of london. It rests practically next door to Guy's Hospital and london bridge train station that serves both Tube (northern line) and railway trains.
   Mortal Activities: The lower few floors of the Shard house a retail area, but that will be closed long before the characters arrive. It is still open for people to walk through, though. floors 2-28 are all privately rented business space. Like the 
  The real security is behind the glass door to this area, guarding the only two lifts that are able to access the 66th and 67th floors. A security team of six ghouls, all discreetly armed, guards the area. Each has a large pistol, and they can lay their hands on a couple of submachine guns in a hidden locker nearby. The ghouls are all very well dressed in tailored suits bearing a pin with the Queen's 
retail area, most offices will be closed for the night. However, a few late workers will be coming and going and each floor has its own security.
floors 31-33 are restaurant 
space, all of which will have several people coming and going. The restaurants all close around 11:00 PM, but there are also bars here that remain open as late as 3:00 aM in some cases. floors 34-52 are the shangri-la Hotel and see a constant but unpredictable flow of guests and staff. floors 53 to 65 are private residences. finally, at the very top of the Shard are the observation platforms on floors 68-72. This has a constant stream of visitors throughout the day but is closed by 10:00 at night. four floors (29/30 and 66/67) are not available for rent or accommodation and are officially listed as the offices for the Shard's management company. This is true for floors 29 and 30.
crest. They will ask the characters to show their credentials, by which they mean prove themselves to be Kindred. The characters can do this in any way that keeps the Masquerade, including flashing their fangs so only the six can see them. 
   The ghouls will then radio the 66th floor and ask them to send the lift down. They may also check if the characters have brought a gift and advise them to do so if 
Dominant Vampire 
Faction: London Ventrue, but specifically Queen Anne.
   Kindred Activities: The shard is so associated with the Ventrue that it is often referred to in Kindred circles as The scepter. The clan invested heavily in its development, if only to prove their dominance over the city. They wanted a landmark one could see for miles and be reminded of the power of the clan.
for the most part, it is ru-
mored various members of Clan Ventrue serve as silent partners in several businesses that use the shard. However, they have hired two whole floors exclusively for the use of the clan and the Prince, namely floors 66 and 67. 
   Notable Features: While the clan frequently uses a substantial part of the building, Queen anne maintains a lavish but mid-range suite of rooms for her personal use in the shangri-la Hotel.
they haven't. If the characters are difficult, but also clearly Kindred, the ghouls will still radio for the lift but use a codeword that tells the staff upstairs they are troublemakers. As long as they are Kindred the characters won't be denied access unless they physically hurt one of the ghouls.
   The characters won't be searched at the door, but they will have to pass through a metal 
   
detector gate. Those who set off the detector will have to empty their pockets. Weapons, mobile phones, and telecommunications equipment will be confiscated, but returned when they leave. The ghouls take no offence for anyone having a weapon as long as they hand it over when asked. 
   If the characters want to try and smuggle these items into the party, they need another way in. They might try stopping one of the standard lifts on a nearby floor and climbing up the rest of the way, or breaking through somewhere else. A few may attempt to scale the building. It's up to the Storyteller to adjudicate what they come up with, but it is unlikely to pass. The floors are concrete; the standard lift shafts don't even have doors to the party floors and climbing nearly 70 floors is a lot of climbing rolls to find reinforced glass and closed windows.
Scene Two: The Party
The lift takes the characters directly to the 66th floor of the building, and the view as they step out of the lift is spectacular. All of London is laid out before the characters, granting a sensation of power and supremacy that is entirely the point. The 66th and 67th floors have been rented entirely by Clan Ventrue and for the most part both floors have been merged to create a large atrium surrounded by shaded glass. Elegant glass staircases lead to several different mezzanine levels at different heights, giving the impression of an Escher picture. Kindred have congregated in many different groups across these levels to enjoy the view and the society. A number of doors lead to meeting rooms and private chambers. While these are not necessarily off limits, the party is clearly happening in the open area.
   The Storyteller should refer to the notes at the start of this chapter relating to the Threat Level. It will have a profound effect on the mood of the party, which may be obvious from the moment the characters step out of the lift. The Storyteller should also note if the characters have been marked as troublemakers, as the guards in the room will pay them more attention, cut them less slack and be more heavy handed if they have to intervene.
   At the lift the characters are met by the majordomo of the party, Lady Scarlett Churchill, who welcomes the characters and invites them to join the party. She will also take their gift and informs them that, if they wish to speak to Queen Anne, they will have to wait their turn, as the Prince is very busy. Lady Scarlett will tells the characters she will add them to Queen Anne's schedule and call them when she is free, smiling sweetly in a way that makes it clear this is non-negotiable.
   Lady Scarlett will encourage the characters to min gle and enjoy the party while they wait. She will also indicate several vessels are available, should any of them feel hungry.
   Given Lady Scarlett and Lady Catherine's shared interest in fashion, the Storyteller can ask Catherine's player if the two knew each other before 1940. If the player says yes, the Storyteller should roll a die: odds means the two were enemies, possibly fighting over Toreador designer Astrid Trevelli, while even reveals them to be good business partners. This relationship colors the rest of their interaction. While Scarlett doesn't know the Cult of Mithras beyond hearsay, she does know that Catherine and her wife Angelique went missing in the London Blitz - which should certainly invoke Memoriam for Catherine.
   
Waiting on Her Majesty: Optional Encounters
While they are waiting to see the Queen, there are several things the characters might do to amuse themselves. The Storyteller is encouraged to create more of these encounters, or even allow the characters to invent their own entertainment. The players might drive this scene by describing characters they want to find and things they want to do, and the Storyteller can find sample encounters below. 
  The Storyteller should bear in mind that this section of the chronicle needs to take place in one night, so there will only be an hour or two at most before the characters are called in to see Queen Anne - the goal isn't to run through all encounters below, but to pick and choose the ones that fit the group's playstyle.
INQUIRING ABOUT THE ELDERS Queen Anne's party is open to all the Kindred of London. So if the characters are looking for someone, or if there is someone the Storyteller wants them to meet, this is a good place for that to happen. They can also make inquiries about the other elders guarding Mithras' artifacts, though this is likely to make its way back to that elder - all of them have eyes and ears at the party.
¦ Sri Sansa is known to frequent a restaurant called the Subtle Spice in Southall. Few Kindred know if he owns it or just enjoys spending time there. Sri Sansa is also known to have a 
¦ 
¦ 
¦ 
¦ 
¦ lot of influence in Southall so the characters may be warned to tread carefully in the area.
Richard de Worde, is usually present at Elysium and rather a gadfly to other Kindred. Many will be surprised not to see him tonight (unless the Storyteller decides he should make an appearance) causing trouble with his very presence. No one knows how to get in contact with him, as they generally believe he turns up far too often. Most partygoers will offhandedly suggest wandering the London Underground, which they all agree is de Worde's domain, or asking any Nosferatu they run into. Gwenllian Arwyn, Pater of the Cult of Mithras, is actually missing. It is said that Daria at the Finborough has a lead on her. Characters asking about Arwyn may be pointed towards her grandchilde Chun Hei (see p.151). It is also erroneously whispered that Arwyn has been placed on the Red List of the Camarilla's most wanted criminals.
Pater Thomas is not especially well known in Kindred society, and with only that name to go on the characters will draw a blank from the assembly. If the characters have heard the name Roger de Camden and ask after him, most Kindred will assume he met his final death at the same time as Mithras. Those who knew either of them will say they were reasonably close.
Mithras will be spoken of in hushed tones, as if he can still hear. Everyone appears frightened of the name to at least some extent, even though they believe him to be long dead. If he wasn't, they reason, he'd have reclaimed the city. But still, you can't be too careful with a methuselah of his standing.¦ 
¦ 
¦ 
¦ 
¦ 
¦ 
¦ 
¦ The Tremere are looking to take London from Queen Anne. Since Mithras's death they have been gradually growing their power, and they are behind the hunter attacks as a ploy to weaken Queen Anne. (They do want to take the city, but have no current plan and are not behind the attacks) A series of Hunt Clubs have sprung up recently where Kindred partake in diablerie. Some believe this proof the Kindred are not as frightened of Queen Anne as they are of Mithras. Others believe Queen Anne is actually behind some of them and is secretly a diablerist herself. (True, but not as prevalent as rumors insist)
Sri Sansa is actively promoting House Carna in the current Tremere internecine conflict. Some believe it is just for personal power, others that it is genuine faith in Carna's leadership, a few crassly insist they are in some sort of very-long-distance relationship. (False)
West London is infested with thin-bloods. Some Kindred are talking about culling them, others feel it is up to Queen Anne to deal with the problem. 
(Partly True) 
Gwenllian Arwyn's childe was killed by Operation Antigen, and her grandchilde, Chun Hei, swore vengeance against those behind Antigen. (Both True) The hunters have identified the British Museum as Elysium and laid siege to it. (Mostly true - they identified it as Arwyn's current location)
Regina Blake was involved with the Mithraic Mysteries in the Victorian Era, and remains terrified of Mithras. (True, but not of her own volition) There are also rumors of hunter attacks, but these depend on the current Threat Level.
? THREAT LEVEL 0-1: The rumors about hunter attacks are rubbish. They are just being spread by Anarchs trying to make everyone lose faith in Queen Anne's Princedom and the Camarilla.
? THREAT LEVEL 2: There have been attacks, but it's nothing to do with hunters. Just Kindred taking down rivals and telling everyone it was a hunter.
? THREAT LEVEL 3: There are a growing number of attacks and it may even be an organized assault, but the Prince has it all in hand.RUMORS
The characters might pick up several rumors and hot topics traveling the room. Players may roll Wits + Sub terfuge at Difficulty 4 to detect which the gossiper believes are true or false. 
¦ Regina Blake would usually be the host of such a gathering. Some believe she is boycotting the event, others that she has been snubbed in favor of Lady Scarlett. Either way, most people agree that she and 
Queen Anne do not get along. (True)
   
? THREAT LEVEL 4: Rumors? Those aren't rumors, we're at war. But there is safety in numbers and if they are foolish enough to attack a large group on Kindred they'll regret it.
? THREAT LEVEL 5: The hunters are everywhere, if you've got a way out please take me with you.
FRIENDS AND ENEMIES
As this large a gathering of Kindred, there is a fair chance someone from the characters' past is in attendance. If the Storyteller wants to use a character's ally or enemy, detailed in their write-ups, they can introduce several of them now. This is also an excellent point for a Memoriam point - Alice might remember serving at social gathering as the Handmaiden of Mithras, and Tony and Catherine should both recognize the cut-throat social negotiations. Tommy might meet a fellow soldier - he wasn't the only one embraced in the war - while Dr. Banerjee finds an eager student of his early work.
   There are also a few characters related to the plots of other chapters that may be in attendance. 
¦ Chun Hei is looking for allies in her mission to take revenge for the apparent death of Zawadi If the characters befriend her, she can be of significant aid in Red Caps and Red Lists.¦ Rose Abawi (the childe of Regina Blake and something of a friendly rival) is there to stir a little trouble for her sire, as she knows Regina won't be there to defend herself. However, Rose's mind is susceptible to Mithras' influence, and while he has bigger fish to fry, he has actually sent her to be his eyes and ears at the party. When the Fall of London is done he will leave her behind to run the only remaining London cell, with the rest of the cult moving to Edinburgh.FEEDING
The whole party is full of mortals who are willing, even eager, to offer their blood. There are plenty to go around as long as the characters maintain their self-control.
   The vessels are a very diverse group, cover ing pretty much every nationality, body type, style, and gender. 

All they have in common is that each is extremely attractive by conventional standards, and all of them are wearing clothes that keeps their neck and arms bare. Some are apparently willing, through domi nation or seduction, others are on so much medication they don't quite know where they are. 
   The characters can barely get into the room without one of them offering a taste, and other assembled Kindred are not shy about partaking in this veritable banquet. Many drink from the wrist of a vessel occasionally as they chat with their friends, others drink their fill alone in a corner, and many fill elegant wine glasses from cannula in the host's wrists. There does seem to be a rule that the vessels are there to be tasted, not to be killed. However, it is unclear if there is any punishment for breaking this rule, apart from the assembly thinking the vampire lacks self-discipline and control. 
   If the characters decide to slake their Hunger on anyone, the Storyteller should get the player to describe who they find. Chances are, whatever they are looking for is here.
TRADING STORIES 
Some Kindred are trying to impress each other with stories of fighting hunters. Even if the Threat Level is still very low, some Kindred have had encounters with some sort of hunter, though they are not aware they are organized. Many of these stories are outright lies; some are old tales that have been modernized for a new audience. But veracity is not the point. Each Kindred is just trying to impress the crowd and build their reputation.
   The characters are welcome to join the crowd and simply watch, but as new (or at least forgotten) faces to the assembly they will unknowingly stand out. Sooner or later, someone will suggest the new ones share their story, mainly to put them on the spot and see how they react. While this gathering might seem an entertaining diversion, like many Kindred activities it is a snake pit of reputation jockeying.
   If the characters choose to join the contest, or are pushed into doing so, they have two options. They can try and tell a more interesting story, or try and poke holes in the stories of the others.
   To tell a more impressive story, the player character must make a Charisma + Performance test. The amount of successes they achieve being how good the story is and if it is higher than anyone else, they win the competition. However, as long they are not the lowest result they will gain a certain amount of respect from the crowd. 
   The other option is to poke holes in one of the other stories by asking clever questions. To successfully do this they must make a Intelligence + Insight test and score more successes than consistency of the story they are trying to rubbish. If they fail, they mark themselves as something of a smartarse and don't make any friends. If they succeed, they amuse and impress the whole crowd, gaining reputation as someone not to be screwed with. However, they will make an enemy of the Kindred whose story they spoiled, who will be kicked out of the competition.
   Currently, there are three Kindred dominating the storytelling, and to make things easier we provide prerolled successes for the impression their story made and how consistent it is.
¦ McKade: One of the few remaining Camarilla Brujah who is spinning an impressive tale of brutally taking on a group of five hunters and tearing them to pieces. McKade is a braggart and will usually meet even social conflict physically. ? Impression 3, Consistency 1¦ Patience: A Nosferatu dressed in rags who describes cleverly sneaking past several different hunters, and getting them to shoot each other with clever misdirection. Patience is quiet and unassuming, but has a long memory. ? Impression 2, Consistency 4¦ Saint-Claire: An elegantly dressed Toreador who details talking their way past a hunter, and even seducing one of them. Saint-Claire hates to lose, and hates to be seen to lose even more. They will want to publicly take down any characters who challenged them in some sort of social conflict later on.
? Impression 4, Consistency 3SOLVING A RIVALRY
As the characters mingle among the party guests, they may be drawn into a heated argument between two Kindred and their supporters. If they get close enough to hear what is going on, they will suddenly acquire the entire group's attention when one of the two parties suggests "then we should ask them!" Unfortunately for the characters, they are the best placed to referee the disagreement. On one hand they probably appear to be a more eclectic group than many of the other coteries here, suggesting a lack of bias. But more importantly, they don't have an allegiance to either party.
   The characters are free to decline the invitation. After all, they have no stake in the conflict and it is clear whoever they rule against will be upset. If they do accept though, they stand to boost their reputation.
   The two rivals are a Nosferatu called Caleb and a Ventrue called Natasha. The argument itself is about a hunting ground they seem to share. Natasha claims a wealthy neighborhood in St John's Wood (north west London) as her hunting ground. But Caleb has the rights to the tunnels and sewers underneath it. This includes the disused Lord's underground station, which serves as a terminus for subterranean electricity cable inspection works by the National Grid. Natasha believes Caleb has been hunting above ground. Caleb has accused Natasha of using her influence to close sections of the tunnels off during the building of a new apartment block where the Lord's station entrance used to stand. Both believe their hunting ground rights are being contested. Really it is a matter for the Prince, but she has told them to work it out themselves and not bother her with trivialities.
   In truth, both of them are right. The two Kindred have actively been trying to push the other out for years. However, as is often the case in Kindred politics, it really doesn't matter who is right. All that matters is how the characters judge the issue.
   There are four criteria they might choose to base their judgment on. Each uses a different skill and has a different difficulty to reach the "truth". Once the characters decide which of the criteria to use, each can attempt to make that skill roll, and pool what they know before announcing a decision.
¦ Who has more right in terms of status in Kindred society? (Intelligence + Etiquette or Politics, Difficulty 2) Not especially hard to tell given this is between a Ventrue and a Nosferatu - Natasha wins.¦ Which of the rivals has more people on their side? (Wits + Insight, Difficulty 4) Using this skill determines where they might make the most enemies or allies. While they are pretty evenly matched, Natasha just has the edge.¦ Who is legally right? (Intelligence + Investigation, Difficulty 5) This is the fairest angle to take, but also the hardest and least interesting to the other Kindred. While both have pushed their legal limits, Natasha has crossed more legal lines in interfering with Caleb's territory.¦ Which of the rivals will be more inclined to take revenge if the judgment doesn't go their way? (Wits + Empathy, Difficulty 3) While tensions are running high, Caleb is the angriest given that the Ventrue generally get the benefit of the doubt in London.   If the characters pick correctly based on their criteria, the losing rival won't be happy but will accept the judgment. The other Kindred watching the exchange will consider it a fair judgment and the characters may gain some reputation for their efforts. They will certainly be owed a favor by the victor - and if they ruled on Caleb's behalf he can certainly point them to the right subway station to start their search for de Worde in What Hides Beneath. 
   As the characters have to explain their reasons a lucky guess will not impress anyone, even if it solves the disagreement. If they guess or choose the wrong party, neither rival will accept their decision and the argument will break out again. The characters will appear weak for their failure to properly resolve the dispute.
CALMING A PANIC
As the characters wander the various levels of the party they notice a Kindred sitting away from everyone else growing increasingly agitated and panicked. The Kindred is a Banu Haqim called Adisa. She is a lithe Nigerian woman wearing a mixture of combat clothing and an embroidered silk over-shirt. She arrived at the party in a bad emotional state that has only gotten worse. 
   
   Adisa lost a mortal retainer (Jerimiah) tonight that she was particularly fond of. She sent him out to collect some blood from a contact at a blood bank, but it seems hunters were waiting and in the resulting mess Jerimiah. Wanting some company, and perhaps to find out more to get some revenge, Adisa decided to go to the party. However, she was already a little hungry and thinking about the events of the night has only made her angrier. While she thought she could handle her hunger and emotions, they are proving much more powerful than she expected and she is on the verge of going into frenzy. It has got so bad she isn't convinced she can just walk out of the party, past the various hosts without tearing someone apart. The question is, do the characters care? Do they ignore what is going on, try to help Adisa or even wind her up to see what might happen? 
  Pushing Adisa into frenzy is very easy and a very bad idea. The first person she will attack is the one trying to goad her. If that isn't an option, she will leap at the nearest mortal or Kindred and tear them apart. An assortment of ghouls will run out to try and restrain her, which they will do in a few rounds after considerable losses. Adisa will be dragged away, probably never to be seen again.
   Trying to help her calm down is much harder, but a better plan. While she is technically in the grip of a potential hunger frenzy, it is being exacerbated by her lack of blood. However, she needs help to feed or she will kill, which is why she is frightened of slaking her thirst unassisted.
   Adisa needs to slake 3 Hunger to regain control of herself enough to feed without losing control. Howeve r, each time she is offered blood to slake a single Hung er she must make a Willpower test at Difficulty 2, and if she fails she falls into a hunger frenzy. Some disciplines may help her resist the frenzy. Awe and Entrancement (Presence) will successfully reduce her panic and allow her to slake 1 Hunger. A Composure + Persuasion test at Difficulty 4 from any of the characters can reduce the difficulty of Adisa's Willpower roll to 1. Once she has slaked 3 Hunger she will thank the characters and leave the party in enough control of herself.
   If Adisa loses her calm she will attack the nearest source of blood in full frenzy, again prompting armed 
   
ghouls to come running. She may well be executed for this, but that will be up to Queen Anne. When the characters get to see her they might speak on her behalf, or just stay quiet and stay out of it.
   If the characters aid Adisa, either by getting her down from frenzying or speaking to Queen Anne on her behalf, the Banu Haqim proves a powerful ally. Adisa knows the dark streets of London like few do, and brings considerable combat power to bear.
Scene Three: The Queen of London
Once the Storyteller and players have explored the party to their content, Queen Anne grants the characters their audience. 
   Lady Scarlett leads them to another set of rooms on the same floor. This is clearly the 'VIP' area of the party and the place to meet some of the more powerful Kindred of the city. Queen Anne is entertaining a select few of her guests here, but also engaged in a series of audiences and business meetings. Between these she has taken some time to watch a few of her guests, and she recognizes the characters from before 1940. Queen Anne was never much involved with the 
Mithraic Mysteries, and so doesn't know about the Blooding or their subsequent torpor even if she does recall their initiation into the cult. Even so, the return of Kindred thought lost in the Blitz is enough to pique her interest.
   Lady Scarlett will lead the characters directly to Queen Anne who is conversing with another high-ranking Kindred. As she turns to greet them, their eyes meet, and the characters experience a flashback.
Greater London, 1688 CE
This flashback draws from the memories of Valerius, sire of Queen Anne and participant in the Blooding ritual. It's his blood pulling on both the Heralds of the Sun and Queen Anne that connects them now. The flashback runs as if Valerius took the characters to meet his prospective child, Anne Bowesley. In reality, Valerius traveled alone and the characters' minds split the memories among them to make sense of it.
   The characters find themselves in the 17th century, the age of Baroque art that followed the English Civil War and the era of Puritanism it brought with it. The monarchy has been restored and England has thrown itself onto the world stage as a growing major player in European politics alongside the French, the Spanish and the Dutch. The Great Fire of London destroyed the capital, yet art and science flourish. The Ashmolean Museum has been founded in Oxford and Isaac Newton recently published Principia Mathematica setting out his theory of gravity. The new act of Habeas Corpus has made the justice system fairer, as it outlaws imprisonment without trial.
   The characters find themselves stepping out of a carriage together on the driveway of a large estate just outside London. Each character is richly dressed in 17th century fashion and clearly at the height of their power. Valerius is with them, and the characters may roll Intelligence + Politics at Difficulty 5 to recognize him as the erstwhile Regent of London. He wants to show the others a new childe he has been given permission to Embrace.
   The sun has long set when the carriage drops them off at a dark and empty looking manor house on a large estate. There are no servants to greet them, and most of the house is in darkness. But the front door is unlocked and a line of candles leads them to a large ballroom. Waiting there, kneeling before them in a sumptuous gown is Lady Anne Bowesley. Upon seeing her, the characters remember she impressed Clan Ventrue, and Prince Mithras, with her part in a plan everyone believes will put William of Orange on the English throne in the near future. It was this what moved Valerius to petition Mithras to allow him to Embrace her, permission which was duly granted. Unfortunately, there seems to be a wrinkle in tonight's simple ceremony.
   Lady Anne will rise, and curtsey with all due humility to the characters and welcome them. Then she will apologetically tell them that a problem has arisen that a mere mortal such as herself is unable to resolve. She has had three other offers of the Embrace, 
   


The Trials
If the characters don't suggest it, the consensus of the other vampires will be that some sort of challenge is the best way to deal with this problem. However, the form this challenge should take is also a source of disagreement. Jonas is keen on a contest of arms, Nafeesa thinks a test of intellect is more appropriate. Elizabeth suggests an artistic challenge of some form. The characters therefore hold something of a casting vote.
   If the characters have no preference, all the challenges might be undertaken for the sake of fairness. Lady Anne will refuse to make any decisions, humbly insisting it is not for a mortal to tell Kindred what to do. The Storyteller should inject as much role playing into the scene as possible to avoid them just becoming dice rolls, with each participant describing what they do in their part of the challenge before they roll anything.
TEST OF ARMS
This challenge is simply a combat, with whatever weapons and rules the group agree to. None of the other vampires will be happy with the use of anything that will do aggravated wounds, but blades, fists, and any other forms of non-lethal (for Kindred) violence will be fine. This challenge might be undertaken as opposed melee tests. While physical disciplines like Potence and Celerity are obviously useful, Dominate and Presence might confuse an enemy. With no humans to break the Masquerade, the characters are encouraged to be inventive.
TEST OF ART
This challenge is a lot simpler; each participant must impress or entertain with their art. Queen Anne has a well-equipped music room if anyone wishes to play an instrument and some painting supplies if anyone wishes to draw. Each contestant should make a Charisma or Manipulation + Performance test. The highest amount of successes is the winner. Anyone making a roll should detail what they are performing. As far as the other vampires are concerned, Elizabeth will play the piano, Nafeesa will recite a poem, and Jonas will sing a rather unsuitable sea shanty.

   




C h A P T E R 2 - S U n S E T O f f L A M E S
Scene Four: Goodnight Sweet Prince
Queen Anne's relationship with the seal is a complicated one. It was originally given to Valerius when he became Regent so he could seal documents "with the hand of Mithras", and Queen Anne received it when she became Regent. However, as Prince she has never used it, and actually had her own seal made. She wanted to show that she was the Prince of London, and not just keeping the chair warm for Mithras. She never destroyed Mithras' seal though, in some superstitious belief he may not be dead as Valerius claimed.
  The characters won't know all this as they stand facing Queen Anne. She will casually ask Lady Scarlett what gift they brought. At which point Lady Scarlett will consult her notes and describe it, or point it out in a collection displayed in the room. Each player character should make a Charisma, Wits or Manipulation + Etiquette test at a difficulty dependent on how good the Storyteller thinks each of their gifts were. Something very impressive might be Difficulty 2, but a tawdry gift, or even nothing might be Difficulty 5 or 6. Additionally, if the player character were abusive or difficult with the guards entering the party, the Difficulty rises by 1. Success at the roll means Queen Anne is impressed with them, and will be more accommodating to their entreaties, which the Storyteller should play accordingly.
   The characters may now state their case and ask Queen Anne for the seal. If they mention Mithras she will instantly order everyone out of the room apart from Lady Scarlett. If the characters fail to mention Mithras or ask for the seal, Queen Anne will stare at them for a moment longer before finally remembering where she has seen them before, at which point she will clear the room. 
   Once they are in private, Queen Anne will question them about what they have seen in the city and especially any encounters they have had with Operation Antigen. However, what she really wants to know about is Mithras - specifically, if the characters know he is dead, and if they suspect Valerius. As she doesn't know where the player character's loyalties lie she doesn't want to ask too much and betray herself. However, a Wits + Insight test opposed by her Composure + 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
Subterfuge will show that despite her powerful veneer, she remains terrified of Mithras.
   She freely admits she has the seal, if the characters ask. She will actually be pleased to talk about the seal as it is a good way to bring the conversation round to Mithras and find out what they know. 
   If the characters decide to play on the Prince's fear of Mithras, and reveal he survived, Queen Anne immediately realizes the characters present an opportunity to get rid of her sire Valerius. She will tell them she holds the seal in trust for Mithras and couldn't possibly just hand it to anyone, unless the characters prove their loyalty to the Eternal Prince. She tells the characters Valerius confessed to killing Mithras, and urges them to kill the traitor - and then, she will give them the seal. Wits + Insight opposed by her Manipulation + Subterfuge reveals she's honest about the confession, but that she'd also prefer Valerius gone for motives of her own.
   Should the characters mention no current knowledge of Mithras, and concoct some story why all of them are back after 70 years, Queen Anne is clearly skeptical but doesn't press the issue. She will tell them they can have the seal as payment for performing a service for her. In this case the service she requires of them is killing Valerius. She will tell them he is the only one who might challenge her position and she wants him gone.
   Queen Anne's reasons for wanting Valerius dead are myriad and complicated. She seeks to escape the shadow of her sire, even if, ironically, Kindred society thinks she surpassed him years ago. Valerius remains dangerous to Queen Anne though, as he is the only one (apart from Mithras) with a solid claim to the Princedom. If she is forced to leave the city for any reason, she wants to be the only "rightful Prince" whenever she returns. Finally, Queen Anne knows what Valerius did to Mithras, so she is simply getting the first strike in - sooner or later she knows Valerius will decide she needs to be taken down for the good of London. Either that or he will tire of living in her shadow. 
   The characters are free to come up with their own assassination plan, but Queen Anne has three potential options for them if they are stuck for ideas.
¦ She can provide Valerius' current location, and the route he plans to take out of the city by car if 
the characters want to arrange an ambush. Queen Anne will think less of them for such an unsubtle plot, and she will remind them Valerius is a powerful elder, but if they think they can get the job done, she is happy to let them try.¦ Queen Anne is actually the one who organized this safe passage out of the city for Valerius. She could send the characters as her agents and they might find a moment to separate him from any bodyguards and assassinate him. Queen Anne does point out that if she recognizes them, Valerius probably does too - so they need to account for that.¦ Queen Anne can provide a contact number for a high-ranking Antigen agent, who might be fed details about Valerius and do the work of taking him down. However, Queen Anne expended considerable resources to get this number, and her having it looks more than a little treacherous, so she only reveals it if the characters are already considering turning the hunters on Valerius.    If the characters have a plan of their own, Queen Anne doesn't ask for the details, so she can maintain plausible deniability. She will just ask them to bring photo or video evidence, or Valerius' signet ring as evidence the job is done. The details of the plan will then be up to the characters to figure out. The Storyteller will have to improvise, but the details provided for the three options above should give the Storyteller some leads on what they need. 
   Whatever they decide, Queen Anne can offer a little assistance by way of guns if they need them. If so, Lady Scarlett will lead them to a private lift that takes them to a sub-basement at the Shard. She will also give them a key card for the lift so they can return, and the keys to a car parked nearby if they need one. She will tell them that Queen Anne will expect the job done before the end of the night. If they fail to return before the end of the party, Queen Anne will not wait for them to give them their reward.
  	C h A P T E R 2 - S U n S E T O f f L A M E S  In all of these plots the Storyteller should make Valerius seem a little naďve as he has come to trust Queen Anne - it's the eternal curse of Cainites that childe betrays sire. Valerius has spent most of his unlife trying to serve his Prince and his city. He has done everything right. Yet he is about to be destroyed by the treachery of those he trusts. It should be a warning to the characters that this is where the power games of the Kindred all eventually lead, a knife in the back from those you trust. However, for all his trusting in his childe, Valerius is no fool and he will not go down without a fight. In fact, the only reason the characters even have a chance is because he has let his guard down.
Setting up an Ambush
Queen Anne can provide the characters with the 
Docklands address of Valerius's current Haven. The 
Haven itself is quite secure, but Valerius is expecting Queen Anne to send a car for him as part of a plan to leave the city. If the Threat Level is low, she has convinced him that he should leave the city so that if anything does happen, he can return to lead in her stead. If the Threat Level is high, Valerius is simply one of many Kindred looking for an escape.
   Queen Anne can give the characters tracking details for the car, and the route it plans to take. She can also provide a small amount of explosives (enough to destroy the car, which is not armored as Valerius thinks) and a selection of handguns and small arms, all of which she has in a secret locker at the Shard - Queen Anne is nothing if not prepared. The characters are welcome to take anything they like, but it will be up to them how they hide it when walking the London streets. The problem is, anything larger than a concealed handgun might attract the authorities, but anything less than an assault rifle might not take down Valerius.
   The characters can set up an ambush anywhere along the route, though the edge of the city is the wiser option - a gun fight squarely in London raises the Threat Level by 1. They might pepper the car with bullets to send Valerius into torpor, or plant a bomb in the car they can detonate remotely when it is in the right position. Queen Anne would prefer not to lose the ghoul driver, but won't be too bothered if it helps take down Valerius. 
   Even if the characters make a devastating attack on the car, Valerius will still step out of the ruined vehicle - elder Ventrue are notoriously hardy. The characters will have to fight him hand to hand, but he will only have 2 health points left. If at that point they decide to talk to Valerius, the Assassination plot below offers information he can give in exchange for his escape. If the characters attack, Valerius tries to flee using Celerity.
   Given the amount of violence the characters will have to commit to take down Valerius, even by surprise, it will draw the attention of the authorities. The characters should clear all evidence of Kindred involvement, and fabricate a mundane reason for the violence, or next night sees the threat level raised by 1.
Assassination
An assassination attempt is a lot more dangerous, but allows the characters to get close to Valerius and possibly get his side of the story. They may also want to talk to him to see if he knows anything about Mithras and his plans. An assassination will be more subtle, and offers a better chance to provide evidence of the kill, but the characters will need to be sure of their combat abilities if things go south.
   Queen Anne is supposed to send two cars and a team of agents who will declare themselves to be James' men so Valerius knows they can be trusted. They will take him by car to Fairoaks, a private airfield to the west of the city where he will leave by private jet. A car change halfway through the journey will help to shake any pursuers.
   Unfortunately, that is not actually the plan as far as Queen Anne is concerned. The agents she sends, the characters, will be assassins. They will arrive to collect Valerius and take him to the car exchange. However, there will be no second car (or waiting jet) and in an isolated warehouse they will execute him.
   There is a wrinkle Queen Anne has not foreseen. Mithras and Roger de Camden have been seeking their own revenge on Valerius. Using a lot of patience and their powerful Dominate abilities over several nights, they have turned Valerius' two bodyguards loyal to them. As luck would have it, Mithras instructed them to take down Valerius when he tried to leave the city - the methuselah would like to kill Valerius himself, but can't spare time to chase him around England. Whether the characters can turn this to their advantage or not, once they figure it out mid-scene, is up to their cleverness.
   If they are acting as James' Men for Queen Anne, the characters will have to pick up Valerius from the riverside haven he is currently using in Docklands. It is an expensive and populous neighborhood, exactly the sort of place where violence and gunfire will bring all the wrong sorts of attention very quickly, which is why Valerius is using it. If they use the password, Valerius will instruct his bodyguards to let the characters in. 
   If the characters disguised themselves, one of them may roll Manipulation + Subterfuge against Valerius' Wits + Awareness. If they forewent a disguise, or he recognizes them regardless, they have to explain to him how and why they've come to be here. Valerius assumes, unless the characters state otherwise, that the timing of their reappearance relates directly to Mithras' death, either as the spell that held them in torpor finally faded or as some belatedly-activated avengers for their master's death. If the former, it's an odd but not impossible coincidence they're now working for Queen Anne, as she does have an eye for recruiting talent. Even if the latter, Valerius tries to figure out if they know he killed Mithras, rather than panicking. 
   The character doing the talking should make a Manipulation + Subterfuge test, opposed (separately) by Valerius Wits + Insight and the bodyguards' social pool. 
   If the bodyguards suspect the characters are not what they seem, they won't make their suspicions known to Valerius as they are now working for Mithras. When dividing everyone assembled over the two cars provided by Queen Anne, Jack tries to get himself and some of the characters in a car without Valerius. He needs to do this carefully - his place is by Valerius' side - and needs the characters to push the idea without arousing suspicion. If it works though, he can use the car ride to the warehouse to suss the characters' plan and offer his and Diana's aid in taking Valerius down.
   If both the bodyguards and Valerius win their rolls, the bodyguards consider any untrustworthy character to be a potential ally, and so will tell Valerius they think the characters seem trustworthy if he voices his doubts. The reassurance of Jack and Diana, along with Valerius' trust in Queen Anne, removes most of his active doubts about them. Even so, Valerius keeps both bodyguards at his side when the group divides across the cars. If any characters join Valerius' car, he allows 
   

   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
¦ Jack and Diane: If the characters attack Valerius, both bodyguards turn against Valerius and join the fray. If the characters strike a deal with Valerius, the bodyguards hold off - they can't fight this many vampires. They do still try to kill Valerius later, when the characters are gone, but the characters are unlikely to ever find out.¦ Valerius: The Ventrue wants to survive. He suspects a betrayal, but doesn't attack if the characters don't - he likes his odds, especially with his bodyguards at his side, but he didn't survive this long by being up to two before insisting the car is too crowded. Valerius keeps picking at the characters, asking questions to see if his earlier suspicions were correct, as both cars make off to the warehouse.
   If only Valerius wins his test, though, he finds something off about the characters and the bodyguards don't bail them out - at this point, unless the Storyteller finds the characters' arguments so compelling it persuades Valerius against his better judgment, the Ventrue elder refuses to get in a car with them. Instead, he tells the characters to lead the way in one car, while he and his bodyguard will follow in a second. Then, at some point on the route, Valerius' car peels off, warranting a car chase. With Valerius voicing his distrust in the privacy of the car though, Jack and Diana again begin to see the characters as potential allies. They lead the car chase to an abandoned industrial zone, making sure never to quite shake the characters. This may not be the warehouse the characters planned to have the confrontation in, but it's still sufficiently abandoned to not draw immediate attention.
   The warehouse, if they make it there, is located only a 30 minute drive through west London to Park Royal. The place is a very quiet, small industrial park that is closed for the night and completely uninhabited. If Valerius is with them so far, the elder has chosen to believe the story about a car change waiting. When they take him into the warehouse and the place is empty, however, the game is up.
At this point, things could get really messy.
   With so many variables in play, the Storyteller should let the scene play out according to characters' actions as well as Valerius' and his bodyguards' motives: reckless. Instead, he offers the characters money and favors if they switch to his side. If they refuse, he offers information as his trump card - he'll surrender any information they want, by phone while he is in a car with the engine running and the characters at least 20 feet away.
? "I know where you can find the seal." Valerius knows where the seal is kept, and can give the characters the address. However, he will leave out the fact it is in a vault as he doesn't know the combination.
? "I know who you really are." He knows who the characters were before the Blooding, and knows the ritual put them in torpor as perfect vessels of Mithras' will. He can also answer questions about their identities.
? "I know who killed Mithras." Valerius will push the blame on Richard de Worde, his co-conspirator, and Queen Anne who in truth only learned of it after the fact. ? "I know who Thomas is." He knows that Pater Thomas is an alias for Roger de Camden.
? "I know Mithras' weakness." Valerius knows Mithras loves de Camden. Not just lusts for him, or finds him a valuable ally, but loves him - and love is a dangerous weakness among vampires.
   If the characters attack, Valerius relies on Celerity to escape, and Fortitude to soak up any punches as he does so. He only fights if absolutely cornered.
¦ The Characters: Their instructions are to kill Valerius. Queen Anne didn't mention the bodyguards however, and the characters will have to account for Jack and Diane if they still think they're loyal to Valerius.
   However, they may also decide to double cross Queen Anne. It saves them a fight against a very powerful elder, and Valerius can pay them handsomely. Valerius will offer them his signet ring as evidence of his death, suggesting they say his body turned to ash.
Calling in Antigen
The nuclear option is to use the number Queen Anne can provide to give Operation Antigen Valerius' location and itinerary. While the hunters get plenty 
   
of crank calls, the number Queen Anne has got hold of is a direct line to a high-ranking agent and is not given out to people who are likely to abuse it. This means that whatever the characters say will be taken seriously. 
   Unfortunately, Operation Antigen will also track the number used to call them and dispatch a squad to investigate the callers. As a team makes their way to Valerius' location, unless the characters get rid of whatever phone they used, they are being tracked. Just turning off the phone won't be enough to lose the trace.
  If the characters want to witness the attack on Valerius' haven, the players can make Wits + Stealth tests at Difficulty 4. If they fail, the Storyteller should tell them they characters are about the be spotted, but they can still turn back. Moving closer beyond this point sees three Antigen agents attempt to arrest them. Any trouble they make may well disrupt the ambush on Valerius and screw that up.
   If the Antigen attack goes as planned, the lights on the block go out as agents enter the haven from several points. The characters can see little of what goes on inside, but half the agents return looking haggard but victorious. A team of coroners goes inside for clean up, and returns with several body bags. Once Antigen is packed up, the lights on the block come back on. The whole operation will take less than three minutes, and serves as a warning of the hunters' efficiency when they have the advantage.
Scene Five: Collecting the Debt
After dealing with Valerius, the characters will need to return to the Shard to collect their reward. Time will be running out as the party only lasts until an hour before sunrise, and Queen Anne has been clear she expects them to return before it is over. 
   If they made a deal with Valerius they may have the location of the haven where Queen Anne keeps the seal. If the characters do not return to the Shard, they should catch a news channel right before dawn or first thing next night, detailing a daring SAS helicopter raid there to resolve a hostage situation.
   The Shard is much as they left it, and the characters can return to Queen Anne's audience rooms via the private lift as they have a key card. They can also rejoin the party if they have unfinished business there, though Chun Hei, Rose Abawi, and Adisa have all left. 
   It should be quite close to dawn by this point, and Queen Anne has no desire to tarry. When alone with the characters and Lady Scarlett, she will ask them if the job was done.  If they say no, she will be quite confused as to why they bothered coming back - she doesn't reward failure, though being magnanimous she allows them to return to the party. Any attempt to attack her and force the information from her is likely doomed to failure. The Queen is powerful in her own right and can call on as many ghouls and Kindred allies as it takes to take down the characters. 
   If Valerius is truly dead, Queen Anne accepts any evidence they offer. Lying about Valerius' demise requires a Manipulation + Subterfuge role, opposed by Anne's Wits + Insight. If the characters admit to not killing Valerius, but offer information about the treacherous bodyguards instead, Queen Anne accepts that information in exchange for the seal too - they didn't kill Valerius, but now she knows more people seek his end.
   Queen Anne will be true to her word and reveal the location of the seal. She will take a seat at her desk and with exquisite handwriting she will write down the location of the haven and the code to the vault it is in. She is about to pass the note to Lady Scarlett to give to the characters, when Lady Scarlett 
C h A P T E R 2 - S U n S E T O f f L A M E S
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
has a way to escape any place she is in. While she isn't sure what the helicopters are, in the current climate she is taking no chances. She lied to her guests to stave off panic on their end, making her own escape easier.
   The Operation Antigen agents are making a twopronged assault. The helicopters will drop off agents to abseil to the viewing platform at the top of the building. At the same time another set of agents are already halfway up, having taken out the ghouls in reception, and cut the power to light and lifts as the assault gets underway. Luckily, Queen Anne's private lift has a back-up generator and is not on the building plans the agents have.
   This scene is going to get very chaotic, and it is up to the characters to make it easier or harder on themselves! Fighting their way out is possible, but very difficult. Their best bet is to make a hasty exit, with the extreme amount of violence happening around them to emphasize the need to escape. Antigen agents will seem to be everywhere and clearly know how to kill vampires. Any conflict should be played with a full measure of 'shock and awe'. Kindred with bared fangs using all their powers to slaughter agents, only to be gunned down brutally by teams of soldiers. The only light is provided by muzzle flashes. Screams and shots echo everywhere. Any Kindred unable to see in the dark will have a serious disadvantage, as the agents have night-sight goggles. The Kindred will be giving as good as they get, but they are clearly losing this battle. The characters need to get out.
   The best escape route is the one Queen Anne took: a private lift to the basement. It will take five rounds for the lift to reach the basement and return. But it will only take two rounds for the Operation Antigen agents to reach the party level and engage the remaining Kindred. However, the characters will hear weapons fire from round one as a few engagements begin. This doesn't give the characters long to either barricade the door, or try to hide. This leaves them three rounds where the characters will have to stall, hide or fight Operation Antigen agents before the lift returns. Failing that, breaking the doors open and climbing 66 floors down the shaft isn't a bad escape route compared to the mayhem here. If any agents see them get into the lift they will break open the doors and throw a grenade down the shaft which will detonate about halfway down. Each player character in the shaft or lift will suffer 7 points of non-aggravated damage, which they can reduce with a Stamina + Fortitude test, each success reducing the damage by 1.
   The fight is a good point to invoke a Memoriam for Tommy, who suffered battlefield trauma in his mortal life.
   Statistics for the Operation Antigen agents can be found on p.23.
   If the characters look for the other Kindred they saw this evening, the Storyteller can tell them:
¦ They see no sign of Chun Hei, Rose Abawi, or Adisa (they all left earlier).¦ Of the territory rivals, Caleb is nowhere in sight, while Natasha falls to the hunters.¦ Of the storytelling competition, McKade is meeting the hunters head-on and getting his ass kicked, Saint-Claire is attempting to flee using her Celerity, and Patience is nowhere in sight. ¦ The Lasombra envoy, Jonas Cordeza, is holding his own and may survive yet.   Queen Anne's private lift takes the characters to a sub-basement where a tunnel connects to the local sewers. After a short walk underground the characters can get back on the streets outside the police cordon that now encircles the Shard. Queen Anne will have a car waiting for her, but the characters won't. If the characters have taken an alternative route they will need to slip past the police cordon using some other method, potentially Dominate, Presence or Obfuscate. Luckily the police are all ordinary officers, only the assault teams (that the police believe are SAS anti-terrorist soldiers) are Operation Antigen agents.
Scene Six: The Seal
After escaping the Shard, the characters can make their way to the address for the seal. This turns out to be a small apartment building on the edge of the financial district near Mansion House tube station. Most of the apartments are empty, and the entrance is actually quite hard to find in a small backstreet. The apartment itself is quite modest and mostly functions as an emergency safehouse.
  If the characters got the address from Queen Anne, she also provided the vault's entry code. However, if they got the address from Valerius, there are two Operation Antigen agents here trying to break into the vault, having discovered the apartment in their investigations. Only one of the agents is a combatant, the other simply being a technician tasked with opening the vault. The characters should be able to take them out and use their equipment to break into the vault with a Wits + Larceny test at Difficulty 5, or simply wait until the technician is done and then attack. 
   The vault itself is designed to function as a panic room, and one section shows the feeds from cameras all over the apartment. However, Queen Anne mainly uses it for storage as this isn't even one of her primary Havens. Racks and cabinets line the walls, with plenty of interesting items. There is a collection of various weapons - from knives to assault rifles - and a selection of ammunition. Characters can take what they want, but should be reminded that British authorities will be automatically suspicious of anyone carrying any form of firearm. 
   A brief search of the room will easily yield the seal, placed on display in its own case. The room also contains several other artifacts. Some appear to be keepsakes Queen Anne has taken over the ages. There is a Victorian evening dress, theater programs and tickets from the Regency, and old books from her 18th century library, as well as other trinkets and documents. Any historian would have a field day with such an array of well-preserved items. However, some do break the Masquerade, and Queen Anne has kept some of her blackmail material here as well. A few items even used to belong to the characters. There are diaries and photographs that list the names of Kindred, and even a photograph of the characters standing with Mithras in period costume. There may even be other old photographs showing other members of the cult.
   Among the items there are several things that might invoke a Memoriam from any one of the characters:
¦ A picture of Tommy in the trenches with some of his unit.
¦ A tin of specialty tea that Tony used to sell and isn't made anymore.
C h A P T E R 2 - S U n S E T O f f L A M E S
¦ A copy of an occult textbook that Alice used to study.¦ A ring Catherine remembers receiving from her lover Angelique.¦ Victorian surgical tools that will remind Henry of his student days.   It may seem odd that Queen Anne has left all this here, but she has collected many things over the ages and can't take them all with her - especially as she didn't expect to have to flee quite yet. The characters must decide what to do with this treasure trove, which might involve destroying some of the items here lest Antigen finds them. If they do so, the Storyteller should describe, or ask the players to describe, at least one item of real historical value being destroyed as an example of what is being lost as the city falls.
   The characters also have to find somewhere to ride out the day very quickly. The sun is already beginning to rise at this point. Staying in the vault might not seem like a dreadful idea, as it is a very safe place if they received the address from Queen Anne. Otherwise, the sewers provide options, as do empty apartments nearby.
Aftermath
¦ Adisa escaped the party by leaving early, and can provide valuable information on any protagonist the characters want to pursue next. She knows Sri Sansa claims domain in Southall (Family Matters), 
Richard de Worde resides in the Underground 
(What Hides Beneath), can set up a meeting with Chun Hei to contact Gwenllian Arwyn (Red Caps and Red Lists).¦ If Sunset of Flames left the characters wounded and hungry, What Hides Beneath starts with several feeding scenes.¦ Jack and Diana, Valerius' treacherous bodyguards, might return to fight at Mithras' side in Gods and Monsters. If they do so, it's a clear sign Valerius is dead.¦ Operation Antigen focusing resources on the Shard attack and now sifting through new intel they gained from prisoners or documents found, temporarily lowers the Threat Level by 1 for two nights.   

   
C h A P T E R 3 - fA M I Ly M AT T E RS
CHAPTER 3
family
matters
      "Hold your family close to your heart,  for they are the only shield between you and the Beast."
- sRI sansa
   
T
his chapter leads the characters to Southall and Sri Sansa. The Tremere bears Mithras no ill-will and did not betray his former master, but does not want to return to the 
cult either. Rather, he's focused on relocating his mortal family, as they're beset by various threats. Presuming the characters can navigate Sri Sansa's complicated family relations, and don't try to force him back to the Mithraic Mysteries, they have a chance of acquiring Mithras' ring without violence.
Storyteller Goals
The Tremere chantry in Vienna was destroyed in 
2009. The Pyramid has fallen; the bonds that held 
it in place shattered. Individual Tremere must pick their own paths through the debris that remains of the once monolithic clan. The player characters, newly awakened from torpor, may not be familiar with the details of the current situation, and Sri Sansa, as well as other Tremere in this chapter, provide them with opportunities to probe and find out more. 
   The chapter deliberately offers a branched path, allowing characters to explore Southall as they follow the breadcrumbs to Sri Sansa in Scene Six. The meandering scenes in this chapter reflect the theme of moral choices. Although not every scene drives the chronicle forward directly, each has consequences, including making friends or enemies, and potentially raising the Operation Antigen Threat Level. The Sto-
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
¦ THREAT LEVEL 1 OR 2: The characters can easily deflect the attention of the authorities. Even so, failure to cover any blatant Masquerade breaches will lead to rising Threat Levels. Sri Sansa's determination to leave London may be difficult for others to understand. He seems to be inordinately worried about the Thin-Bloods.¦ THREAT LEVEL 3 OR 4: Any obvious vampire activity leads to road closures around Three Bridges, and a police drugs raid on the Roti Mojo which results in its closure. Omit all encounters with Duskborn with the exception of Najma Elmi. Sri 
Sansa isn't the only vampire determined to leave London by now.¦ THREAT LEVEL 5: Sri Sansa becomes desperate to remove his family from Southall. He will not attend any meeting in the library. Ayse will encourage any Kindred to leave the area as soon as possible.ryteller should read the entire chapter before playing, so they can facilitate or skip scenes depending on the characters' path.
Southall 
This chapter centers around Southall and its community, and Storytellers can use the details below to paint scenes as their characters explore. Dr Banerjee, in particular, may have been to Southall before and any of its locations could invoke a Memoriam point.
History
In the Dark Ages Southall was a small hamlet within the parish of Norwood, about 12 miles to the west of Tyburn. By the start of the 19th century, the village had a population of 697, most of whom worked on local farms, growing wheat and barley, and tending to their sheep and cattle. There was little in this bucolic lifestyle to interest the Kindred, but that started to change with the building of the Grand Junction Canal linking London to the Midlands via Bull's Bridge, from whence one branch led to the Thames and the other to Paddington. 
   The Middlesex County Asylum opened in 1831. Revolutionary at the time, it was a self-supporting community where the superintendent famously ended the practice of making inmates wear chains. The building still stands and is now a part of Ealing Hospital. Many believe an unnamed Malkavian, or coterie of Malkavians, influenced how the asylum was run, but if modern Dervishes know the truth of the matter, they are keeping it to themselves. The place has a creepy atmosphere, as if long-dead inmates are watching as events unfold around them.
   Before the railway, Kindred took little interest in the rural areas surrounding London. Southall may have seen some wandering Gangrel who left no trace. Most believed such areas were home to lupines and there was nothing to tempt anyone to investigate. The coming of the Great Western Railway company's station in 1839 changed life in Southall, as industry replaced farming and communication with central London became easier, though the tramline did not extend to Southall until the 20th century. 
   In the 1920s and '30s many Welsh people moved to Southall and, from the 1950s onward people from South Asia, notably India and Pakistan, started to arrive, initially recruited to work in a local factory owned by a former British Indian army officer. This population grew as employment opportunities expanded. The rising population, plus easy links to central London, now attracted Kindred attention, although it was mostly Kindred from ethnic minority backgrounds who took an interest. Sri Sansa established his domain in Southall in the late 1950s. It was easy for him to house his herd and extended mortal family in Southall without arousing suspicion, and he took on the opportunity to bring many relatives over from the Punjab at this time. He found it easy to avoid the attention of Kindred society with Mithras absent, and, surrounded by his mortal family, Sri Sansa can run his dubious blood cult and prey upon vulnerable Panjabi, attracted by his extreme charm and air of spiritual superiority.
Southall Today
Southall is home to the largest Panjabi community outside the Indian subcontinent. More recent arriv-
   
als from Sri Lanka, Somalia, and other places have replaced those Panjabis who have moved out to surrounding London areas. For the population's religious needs, Southall boasts 10 Sikh Gurdwaras, two Hindu temples, more than 10 Christian churches of various denominations, and five mosques. Things have not always been peaceful; the borough suffered race riots as local youths protested against racist rallies in their streets. These gave rise to a number of high-profile deaths among the ethnic minority communities. 
   Southall market remains popular with residents and those from surrounding areas. The Broadway is replete with fabric shops and greengrocers which spill over onto the pavements in a riot of color and sound. Walking through Southall, only the British weather spoils the illusion of walking through Chandigarh or Amritsar.
  The Grand Union Canal, once a major artery for industrial transport, is now a prime leisure facility with recreational boating and a towpath converted for walkers and cyclists. Much of the canal and rail network bears the mark of Isambard Kingdom Brunel. Three Bridges, also known as Windmill Bridge, is an impressive feat of engineering and a popular hangout for local youth and Duskborn alike. 
   Southall boasts a couple of famous pubs and a great many excellent restaurants, though it is deficient in nightlife. There is not a lot to do in Southall after dark except to eat out, drink in the pubs, or play snooker or billiards - this suits Sri Sansa just fine, as it dissuades other Kindred from encroaching on his domain.
   In recent nights, however, other vampires have invaded Southall. Undeniably there are a great many Duskborn suddenly abound. Sri Sansa believes they may be a sign of the Gehenna cycle approaching again, or some other token of ill-luck, but is both too preoccupied and too proud to fully dig into the Duskborn's origins. Ayse Dhanial thinks it likely that a vampire of the 13th or 14th generation arrived along with a truckload of illegal immigrants and started to make Mercurians, possibly out of ignorance rather than malice. Dark whispers claim these Duskborn are sleeper agents, seeded by the Sabbat who may come back and activate this army in the future. Others again believe Sri is behind the Duskborn, and plans for them to be part of his private army.






Amrish Returns the Call
If the characters leave a number, Amrish Bakshi, Sri Sansa's faithful servant, will return the call after about an hour and explain Guru Sansa has no free appointments for the next six weeks. Amrish is utterly faithful to Sri and there is no way to bribe or coerce him into revealing further information. A successful Charisma + Persuasion or Manipulation + Subterfuge against Difficulty 3 (based on Amrish' Composure + Insight) convince the ghoul that the caller is a genuine seeker, at which point he will inform the caller of the time and date of the next public meeting in the library. If Amrish gets even the slightest hint anyone other than genuine potential clients are seeking Sri, he will terminate the conversation immediately and the phone he was using will be unobtainable thereafter.
TRACING THE NUMBER
An Intelligence + Technology test at Difficulty 2 lets the characters do a reverse search on the phone number. If the characters struggle to do this, most mortals can use the internet for a reverse search if so persuaded. Otherwise, trawling through a local telephone directory takes considerable time, but with a Difficulty 2 Wits + Investigation also works. Either reveals that the number links to one of the phones listed as belonging to Southall Library detailed on p.96. The library has extended opening hours on Tuesdays, allowing the characters to visit after dark. However, if the characters just roll up there, they will not find Sri as he only attends by appointment. Polite inquiries or a sneak look at the room booking diary reveals that a room is reserved for Guru Sansa on Thursday evening outside of regular opening hours - returning on Thursday leads to Scene Five.
What London Kindred Know
The characters have other ways of finding Sri. The Tremere may not know his Haven's precise location, but they do know what territory he claims. Alice Mockingdale may be able to look up past contacts who, though they clearly despise Sri Sansa, will point her towards Southall. This information is unlikely to be free; no one will tell them unless they offer a favor or other significant concession in return, but it is general knowledge 
   
among the Kindred that Sri holds territory in the West London area, specifically Southall. If their informant is feeling particularly generous, or if the characters make a sufficiently good impression or offer a sufficiently large bribe, their informant might go on to say no one has seen Sri in Central London since the 1950s, and that he doesn't attend Elysia unless he absolutely must. 
   Richard de Worde, the antagonist of What Hides Beneath, and his close associates know Sri resides in Osterley, a small area within the borough of Southall. While he won't give up this valuable information, he can point the characters to Three Bridges in Scene Two.
   Najma Elmi has been reporting Sri Sansa's movements to De Worde through his agents, and to Gabriella, an operative for Clan Nosferatu. She knows Sri Sansa plans to leave London, taking his extended family with him. The Storyteller can run Scene Three to introduce Najma. 
   Many Kindred know that the Blue Monsoon Lounge, in Scene Four, is a hangout popular with Kindred in West London. Lady Scarlett, introduced in Sunset of Flames, as well as Daria and Regina Blake, both detailed in Red Lists and Red Caps, can provide this information.
Scene Two: 
A Taste of the East in 
West London
Characters can explore Southall and its detailed locations before they confront Sri, and we provided a sample encounter below. This scene can also serve to introduce them to the atmosphere of Southall and some of its iconic locations. 
   It is possible the character's actions during this scene will attract the attention of the mortal authorities. The Storyteller can use this to emphasize the need for caution and maintenance of the Masquerade. Assuming the Operation Antigen Threat Level is currently less than 3, it should not be too difficult to avoid immediate consequences (such as arrest or sectioning under the Mental Health Act) by the application of a bit of common sense or simple Disciplines. However, if the characters fail to manage a cover up, the Operation Antigen Threat Level in London will increase by 1.
Getting There
Southall is about 12 miles west of Central London and easy enough to find by road, though it is sometimes not as easy to find a safe place to park your car. Vandals and car thieves are active in the area. Several bus routes serve the main streets and, while there is no underground station in central Southall, it does have its very own railway station with frequent trains from London Paddington, Hayes and Harlington, and Heathrow Airport. Southall is also accessible via the Grand Union Canal.
Streetlife
Southall Broadway and High Street are lively, with shops open and overflowing onto the pavement until late evening. Bright colors are everywhere. There are no nightclubs here and, after midnight, the place becomes quiet. It is famous for Bhangra, not so much the traditional dance as the modern, Bollywood incarnation. Loud music blares from car speakers, restaurants, and shops. Inside, Bhangra videos show on screens, the visuals bearing little relation to the lyrics or even the mood of the song they accompany.
   The hustle and bustle on the streets makes the characters acutely aware of the blood coursing through the veins of the crowd. As with most locations in London there are plenty of alleys between shops, slippery underfoot, stinking of rotting vegetables with split black garbage bags leaking onto the sidewalk. It is not difficult to drag a mortal into a dark alley, or hide a body if the mortal ends up the dead victim of a Kindred's Hunger.
   In one side street near Three Bridges, a dozen teenagers mill about, shouting and posturing, and some of them are brandishing knives. As the characters approach, one of the kids nervously lunges at another, catching his arm with the knife he carries. The injured boy tries to stop the flow of blood with his hand as the rest look on in horror. Most turn tail and run. One youth approaches the injured teenager, takes his bloody hand, and starts to lick, lapping up the gore as it flows from the knife wound. A shocked, middle aged bystander takes her cell phone out of her purse.
   


C h A P T E R 3 - fA M I Ly M AT T E RS








   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
Recruiting for Carna
If the characters go to the Blue Monsoon Lounge they may run into Ayse Dhanial. She is also looking for Sri Sansa. If the characters are having trouble tracking him down at this point, she will help them, provided they don't say or do anything to alienate her, and that they make a good case for wanting to find him. Ayse wants to recruit Sri to House Carna and does not want to see him harmed in any way. She has no strong feelings about the Mithraic Cult, nor is she a good source of information about it. If probed, she will admit she doesn't think it's a good thing because she believes it is authoritarian and patriarchal. She also suspects it keeps members faithful through blood bonds and she doesn't approve of those.
   If Alice reveals herself as Tremere, Ayse delves into the virtues of House Carna and offers her phone number in case Alice wants to talk more. The Storyteller may also decide that Alice knew Ayse's sire, Amelia Turpin, through Pyramid connections, and allow her to invoke a Memoriam.
   Ayse is friendly, as Kindred go, with Najma, and directs the characters to the Duskborn in the Roti Mojo (see Scene Three).

Scene Five: Sri Sansa's Blood Cult
This scene takes place if the characters decide to look for Sri Sansa in the library during his private event on Thursday evening, and gives useful insight into Sri Sansa's personality and methodology.
The Meeting
Guru Sansa welcomes everyone to his gathering and proceeds to lecture his attending cult members about karma, the great wheel, and reincarnation. One of the mortal acolytes seeks to communicate with her dead son and Sansa obliges. The voice of a young child rings out from the back of the room, telling mummy how much Amrit misses her and how he looks forward to being re-united with her in the next life. The mother breaks down into tears of joy, comforted by her friends and family. The acolytes 
soUTHall lIbRaRY
This place smells of books. It is eerily quiet. There are bookshelves everywhere, and a reading corner with floor cushions in the children's section.
   Mortal Activities: During opening hours (which the characters can just catch on Tuesdays) the place is a hive of mortal activity. not only do people come in to read the multilingual books and use the computers and Wi-fi, but many local groups use the meeting rooms in the library for artistic, social, cultural, and religious purposes. If the characters break in after hours, or return for sri sansa's private meeting on Thursday, the place is empty save for the meeting room.
   Dominant Vampire: Ealing Council runs the library, but Sri Sansa and his mortal family were very influential in persuading them to encourage the use of the meeting rooms for community purposes, even outside working hours. Sri would like it to be an Elysium, but the limited hours of availability and its relative isolation from the nightlife in London mean he has only been able to garner nominal support for it.
   Kindred Activities: sri holds meetings of his mortal cult here and he and his associates occasionally entertain in the library after it has closed, but the venue has never attracted the kind of support they wished for. sri and his family are working towards building a community center and library on the green, where the iconic Dominion cinema used to stand. They are making progress, but there is still some way to go.
   
are delighted by the whole display. Heightened senses or any reasonably careful examination of the room, Wits + Investigation at Difficulty 3, reveals the child's voice emanates from a cell phone hidden in the folds of a cloth covering a table upon which stands a large vase of dahlias.
   Initially Sri is concentrating on his performance, gazing at members of the audience he knows, or at something only he can see on the ceiling. But, as soon as he recognizes one or more of the Kindred (whom he knows from before their torpor even if they might not currently remember him), he rapidly develops a most unexpected headache bought about by evil spirits and regretfully leaves the room. Carefully avoiding eye contact, he points at any character he has recognized, claiming they have bought the evil spirits in with them. He will do his best to throw any pursuit off his trail. His acolytes will do what they can to protect him.
Following Sri Sansa
In order to follow Sri, it is necessary to get past 20 acolytes. They are all normal humans and none of them are experienced fighters; they are more of an irritation than a threat. The real question here is how much are the characters prepared to hurt these innocent bystanders in order to get at their target? Will any of the characters frenzy out of Hunger or sheer frustration? If they leave a trail of death and destruction, how (if at all), will they cover it 
up? It should not be too difficult for them to sidetrack any police or other first responders, depending on the Threat Level, but drawing this kind of attention increases the Operation Antigen Threat Level by 1 come next night.
   An alternative strategy would be to pretend Sri did not point at them, and band together with the acolytes - Charisma + Persuasion or Manipulation + Subterfuge, both at Difficulty 5, accomplishes this, as can the right use of Presence. Most of the acolytes are rich; many of them are from very well-connected families. They have plenty of advantages such as Resources, Influence, and Contacts. The rest are professional people, a local councilor, a dentist, two successful entrepreneurs, and the owner of the Subtle Spice restaurant.
   The intention here is not to delve into a major fight scene, but to offer a choice between treating the mortals as mere objects who are getting in the way and treating them as people.
   If the characters wrap up their encounter with the acolytes reasonably quickly, they can just see Sri Sansa leave in a taxi as they exit the library. They can try to follow him, either in their own vehicle or by hiring one of the other taxis waiting nearby, with a Difficulty 5 Wits + Drive test. If this fails, a quick glance around spots a taxi of the same company that just took Sri. Charisma + Persuasion or Intimidate at Difficulty 5 (4 with a bribe) or Presence compels the driver to look up the designated address which causes him 
C h A P T E R 3 - fA M I Ly M AT T E RS
to exclaim 'That's the boss' house!' before giving them the address in Osterley. If this too fails, the Storyteller should guide the characters towards a meeting with Najma as per Scene Three, as she can also provide the address.
Scene Six: White Vans in Osterley
The characters can find Sri by getting the location from Najma in Scene Three, or by successfully following him from the library in Scene Five. 
Dealing with Sri Sansa
Sri Sansa, spooked by the characters, has fled from the library to his Haven in Osterley. This is a longish walk from central Southall, but no more than a ten-minute drive or a short bus or taxi ride. When the characters arrive, they find Sri on the driveway of an impressive detached town house along with his ghoul, Amrish Bakshi, and a small crowd of richly dressed relatives and uniformed moving men. He is supervising the loading of a fleet of white transit vans and a couple of luxuriously appointed minibuses bearing the same logo as the taxi he took. If the chaos is anything to go by, this is not going to plan. Movers are taking boxes while family members run after them with items exclaiming "wait, this also goes in that one!" Several 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
mortals are in their pajamas or house suits. Sri himself looks stressed, possibly on the verge of frenzy. 
   The destruction of the Vienna chantry several years prior, and more pressingly the recent emergence of first Duskborn and then Operation Antigen, prompted Sri to move his family to safety - the characters arrival during the same evening of the move is happenstance. Sri's early return from the library however, as well as his alarmed state, led the vampire to interfere with Amrish's perfect planning, and quickly saw the move descend into the chaos the characters witness now. Absorbed in his task, Sri does not notice the characters at first and they have a few moments to observe what is going on.
  The uniformed moving men are asking various members of the family where to put things. Amrish is directing them, but his clear and logical instructions are in competition with demands from other mortals who wants their suitcase placed just so, or boxes reopened so they can add another item, or by Sri himself who seems put on edge by the entire process. If the characters try to talk to anyone, the moving men express frustration at the chaotic nature of what should be a simple job. They willingly reveal they are in the process of moving this large and chaotic extended family to Leicester, along with all their goods and chattels. The mortal family will say much the same, but none seem too keen to leave Southall, and many express distress at abandoning their family home.
Here are some things the family might say:
¦ "What a time for a move! Dear Sri is a night owl, but  this late at night?"¦ "I do not believe anyone is really going to harm us. If  you want my opinion, uncle Sri is being a teensy bit paranoid. The police have always protected us in the past and none of us have broken the law in the slightest."¦ "It is most disruptive to move the children in the middle  of the school year. Amira was just starting to make progress with her new teacher, and this move will put her back at least half a term."   Eventually, either because the characters do something to attract his attention or simply because Sri looks over in their direction, Sri makes eye contact and, in that moment, everything starts to swirl and become 
   
pocket, a lady in distress, and a carriage accident as he walked to his appointment. The characters can now interact with these encounters as they would, regardless of whether or not Sri walked on or stopped to lend aid in 1888. To add to the dreamlike quality of this scene, from time to time the characters feel as if they are looking through the Panjabi man's eyes.
  After these three optional encounters, the characters follow Sri to a séance and then to the fateful meeting that would consign him to an eternity of blood. Unlike the pickpocket, lady in distress, and carriage accident, the characters cannot skip these scenes - they're some of Sri's strongest memories and thanks to the Blooding, they're now the characters memories too. Characters arrive in Victorian London with the Health, Willpower, and Hunger they had when the flashback starts. When the characters return to the present night, any physical damage they sustain will have healed but other effects (e.g. Stains, Hunger, Willpower) remain in place.
The Street Market
Gone are the neon lights; gas lamps now illuminate the streets and there aren't very many of them. It is busy, 
C h A P T E R 3 - fA M I Ly M AT T E RS
but no longer with young folk dressed in jeans, t-shirts, hijab, shalwar kameez, and so on. Instead, the women are wearing full length dresses often with bustles, long coats, and fancy hats. The men's attire is varied. Some wear top hats and tails, others dirty aprons and flat caps. Children run around, many of them barefoot and dirty.
   Ahead of the characters walks Sri Sansa, attracting considerable attention in his white robes and turban secured by a large lump of amber. Some children start to pelt him with rotten fruit, but he ignores them, striding forward with some definite destination in mind. Whatever the characters do, Sri Sansa pauses in his walk towards his destination as if he is waiting for them to follow them. It takes a successful Intelligence + Awareness test, Difficulty 4, to realize this is "odd". Otherwise it seems natural to the characters, as similar phenomena often do in dreams.
Stop, Thief!
The characters may roll Wits + Awareness at Difficulty 3 to notice a young girl attempting to pick one of the characters' pockets. Whether or not she succeeds, she runs off into the crowd. Should the characters give chase, they will need to weave their way round barrow boys and barrows, donkeys and costermongers, stalls selling apples, hot chestnuts, flowers, live eels, lace, nobby hats, and anything else a purchaser might desire. 
   The girl remains tantalizingly out of reach at first, as she has a head start, but characters can catch her with a Stamina + Athletics test at Difficulty 3. A costermonger shakes his fist at the pickpocket as she swipes an apple from the bottom of his carefully stacked display, sending fruit rolling down the street, an extra hazard for her pursuers.
   If they catch the girl, she is out of breath and tearful. She looks about six years old and terrified. She kicks and scratches and bites and generally tries to escape, but she's nigh on exhausted by the chase. The adults can coax or threaten her into doing more or less anything. If the characters enter any kind of conversation with Emmy, it swiftly becomes apparent she is terrified of someone she calls Billy Pockets. Billy expects her to steal 30 shillings a night and beats her if she fails. She has bruises to support this statement.
A Lady in Distress
A racket commences to the left: a young woman is screaming at a man, begging him to stop harassing her. She is in a flood of tears, without a hat, hair coming down out of its elaborate styling. He has her by one arm and is pulling her away down an alley. No one goes to help her. 
   Should the characters feel inclined to follow this unhappy couple, they will meet with little or no resistance from the onlookers. 
   If they try to rescue Millie, the young woman, she initially showers them with thanks and tears. As she quiets though, she will demand the money her client would otherwise have paid for her services. If paid or otherwise compensated for her time, she could become an ally.
  Roger, Millie's assailant, is hostile at first as he has commissioned "services" from the young woman. He will soon back off if threatened. He did not come to Mayfair to get involved in a fight. He could also become a friend, especially if invited to any kind of gathering where impressionable young ladies might be present.
   If the characters are feeling the Hunger, both Roger and Millie can provide sustenance though, on this occasion, neither will do so willingly. Roger's blood has an acute Sanguine resonance, Millie's is fleetingly Phlegmatic.
The Carriage Accident
On returning to the main thoroughfare, Sri Sansa, though striding along quite merrily, is only a handful of paces ahead of where he was before. The characters can't quite catch up with him, but when they are on the main street, he is never out of sight.
   He turns down Mayfair where, though there are many mortals about, things feel more regulated. The sidewalks are clear but crossing the road requires concentration, as there is a constant stream of horsedrawn traffic. 
   A carriage overturns, horses screaming in the traces as the driver jumps down from his seat and tries to cut them loose. Three passengers lie injured in the street; their blood smells irresistible. Their 
   
luggage has come adrift and the mortals around them seem more interested in the golden sovereigns spilling across the road than they are in the fate of the hapless passengers.
   Any character on Hunger 4 or more must immediately check for hunger frenzy.
   The passengers are an elderly lady and a middle-aged couple. The older lady is clearly either dead or close to death. Her head is at an odd angle and it looks like she has broken her neck. She is pale, her eyelids flutter feebly, and she moans softly. The gentleman is clearly in need of expert medical attention. He is bleeding profusely from a head wound and may have broken his leg. He is in a lot of pain, but his wounds are not necessarily fatal. The younger woman has got off lightly; she is grazed, battered, and bruised. She sits up and shakes her head, as if dazed.
   Sri Sansa turns and looks at the scene. His Hunger is apparent, but he stands in place. The other mortals present do nothing to help initially, though some are busily looting the victims' property. The driver is too busy with his injured horses to fight the looters off.
   If the characters choose to stop the looting, they can roll Charisma + Persuasion or Intimidate at Difficulty 5. This would please the carriage driver who would then be inclined to help the characters for the rest of the scene.
   If they decide to render medical assistance, the elderly lady requires Dexterity + Medicine test at Difficulty 7 to stabilize. Without immediate aid, her injuries prove fatal. Staunching the flow of blood and setting the gentleman's leg is easier at Difficulty 4. An Intelligence + Medicine test at Difficulty 3 reveals the younger woman is suffering clinical shock. Even without a diagnosis, a warm coat and some kind words will help to restore her, prompting her to introduce herself as Nichole McGrann, though further treatment will be needed to ensure her full recovery. Alternatively, if they lack medical skills, the characters could send a nearby urchin to run for a doctor, which they do for coin or a trinket, or for free if they were kind to Emmy earlier.
   This too is a feeding opportunity. The old woman is going to die anyway, and the chap will probably die 
FA L L O F LO N D O N 

   
time, leading to an odd sensation of disconnect as she sees them. The Kindred nod in greeting, but do not instigate conversation. If the characters approach them, they will make small talk (and can reveal the year as 1888 CE), but they won't know the answers to any plot-related questions. The Most Honorable Marchioness Fenella Fraiseworthy organized this séance to display the talents of her very dear friend Sri Sansa to the crčme de la crčme of London occultists and high society.
   Also present are many wellknown London socialites, Theosophists, and some of those who founded the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn the previous year. Various London luminaries are present, including Arthur Conan Doyle, a young doctor with an interest in occult phenomena and a couple of published stories under his belt. The characters also see the still mortal Regina Blake who seems to be close to Victoria Ash. As the characters know Blake from before their torpor, they all recognize her but have the distinct feeling she should be Kindred. 
   The characters might also notice a strange creature who looks like old portraits of Dr. John Dee, a philosopher and alchemist who died in 1609! He seems awkward and out of place, or maybe out of time, though none of the other attendees seem to be aware of this. Alice may roll a Wits + Occult test at Difficulty 3 to recognize the man is an old Kindred. The same test with a Difficulty of 7 identifies him as Abraham Mellon, a 
C h A P T E R 3 - fA M I Ly M AT T E RS
thaumaturge but not a member of Clan Tremere. If the characters approach Mellon at this stage, he will do his best to wave them off. He does not wish to do anything conspicuous, nor does he want to reveal the reason he is here. If pressed he will say he is here to meet an important contact.
   The party continues. Miss Celia Wentworth, a well-known medium, gives a reading that astounds the guests. She summons forth ghosts who manifest as ectoplasm and knock upon the ceiling. A Wits + Awareness or Occult at Difficulty 4 reveals an accomplice in the attic who is faking all these wondrous phenomena. Revealing this to the assembled company has no positive effect, as whoever reveals Miss Wentworth as a fake is an obvious spoilsport. The exception here is Victoria Ash who is fully aware that Miss Wentworth is a fake, but does not wish to expose her this evening.
   After Miss Wentworth's performance, Sri Sansa gives a lecture on the mysteries of the East. This delights many of those present and elicits enthusiastic applause. The content of the speech is half-theosophy, half-Indian mysticism, and all bluster, but he makes it sound good.An Offer You 
Cannot Refuse
After his lecture, Sri retires to a corner furnished with couches and floor cushions, along with a cluster of his admirers. He continues to hold forth. His admirers obviously regard him as a genuine holy man or guru. It is hard to get close to him because of his fans, but attempts to eavesdrop meet with automatic success.
   Sri is speaking of the importance of blood. Somewhat surreptitiously, he passes round small glasses half full of a reddish, glowing substance with an extraordinarily appetizing smell. Characters should check for Hunger frenzy. Sri keeps careful track of the glasses, but it is possible to purloin one with a Dexterity + Larceny test at Difficulty 6. Should a character get a chance to examine the contents of the glass carefully, they find it is a mixture of human blood, vitae, and laudanum, laced with gin to disguise the taste. Drinking one full glass of 
"soma" as the acolytes call it, slakes one Hunger, and mimics the effect of a strength 1 Blood Bond to Sri for the rest of the night. Drinking a lesser amount has no effect other than making the character more amenable to Sri's suggestions for the rest of the scene."When Mithras calls, 
you answer."
   



   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
  Later in the evening, Abraham Mellon approaches Sri. With little to no regard for the Masquerade, he dominates Sri's congregation into departing, leaving the two of them almost alone in the previously crowded corner. He oddly seems to overlook the characters when he does this - they were never really here, after all. Sri looks nervous. He clearly recognizes Mellon and fears him.
   If the characters listen in, Mellon is persuading Sri to accompany him to an important occasion later in the night. The characters have the choice of listening to the conversation, joining the conversation in which both men need constant reminders of their presence, or ignoring the conversation entirely and pursuing their own agendas. 
   Sri asks for details of this important occasion. Mellon replies it is something bigger and more important than this petty mortal gathering. Mithras believes Sri is ready for initiation into the true mysteries of London society and has sent Mellon as his emissary. Sri appears to take this as a compliment but remains wary and asks for further details. Mellon emphasizes the power Mithras holds over the whole of Albion, and speaks of favors and powers granted by devoting oneself to his cause. Sri looks doubtful and asks why Mithras wants him, Sri, in particular.
"After all, I am only a humble 
Panjabi gentleman"
   Mellon laughs as Sri describes himself as 'humble.'
  "I would hardly say so, Sir. Our Prince values your connection to your... err... mortal roots, something so many of us lack these nights. He wishes to recruit you to his cause so he may stave off the Beast."
   Sri looks tempted. "It is, indeed, the greatest of honors." He grins. "You have persuaded me, Sir. I am ready to devote myself to our Prince's cause."
   Mellon nods, he seems satisfied. He peers at his watch. "We shall leave in one hour. My carriage will be ready. It might be better if we appear to leave separately."
   Mellon doesn't know why Mithras is so keen to initiate Sri into the cult. He knows Mithras' stated reasons, which include his hope that Sri's close connection to humanity will help to ground and stabilize the cult, but Mellon is not convinced this is the whole story. Knowing Mithras, he suspects the methuselah shares Mellon's delight in embarrassing the Tremere.
   Sri seems delighted to have received this invitation. It is clear that he believes this will serve a noble cause and cement his position in London society.
   Shortly after the start of the conversation between Sri and Mellon, a carriage draws up outside the main door of the property. The Kindred enter the carriage together, Sri waving goodbye to any mortal admirers who returned to the party.
   This time, Sri no longer waits for the characters and the carriage disappears from view around the corner. The Storyteller can end the flashback here, returning the characters back to their own bodies and continuing with Scene Eight. However, if the group particularly enjoyed this jaunt into the past, or if the Storyteller wants to lift the veil on the Blooding a bit, the characters feel themselves yanked forward towards Sri as they enter another scene...
The Blooding
London, 1941 CE
This is the Blooding - the very same ritual that saw the character descend into torpor until their master Mithras needed them again. Resolve + Composure at Difficulty 6 lets the characters remember that they were part of this ritual, even if the scene remains dreamlike as their own experiences merge with other cult members, including Sri Sansa, providing the vitae for the ritual. If the group comes to Family Matters late in the scenario, the Storyteller can use this scene as big reveal, letting the characters realize what role they played exactly. If the group runs this chapter early on though, the Storyteller should obscure the truth - the characters can't get a solid grasp on their identity, and mostly view the event through the cultists' eyes.
   The characters pull up in a limousine outside an impressive looking building. They enter through the front door and find themselves in a sparsely decorated hall. It looks a bit like a cloakroom, but they don't get a chance to look around much as they are handed blindfolds. Anyone who does not put theirs on willingly will have it forcibly applied. With a Dexterity + Subterfuge test at 
   
Difficulty 4, they can arrange the blindfold in such a way to let them see a little of their surroundings. Even that does not help much, as an unseen presence leads the characters through what feels like a labyrinth in almost total darkness. One thing is obvious; the path leads downwards. There is a smell of damp as if entering a long-neglected cellar, a slight whiff of the sewer, and a hint of powerful vitae.
  When the blindfolds come off, the characters find themselves in a Mithraeum. Tiles decorated with pictures of bulls, bull dancers, wreaths of laurel, and of ivy line the walls and ceiling. A circular pit in the floor might remind a character of a baptismal font, or a minuscule swimming pool, shoulder deep and a yard in diameter. The base is a mosaic, depicting similar themes to the tiles on the walls along with complex geometrical patterns designed to deceive the eye into perceiving three dimensions. Around the sunken space is a raised wooden structure with seating for perhaps half a dozen Kindred. A figure recognizable as Mithras enters the room through a door in the East. He is clad in robes of cloth of gold, a Phrygian cap upon his head. He raises his arms high and starts to chant in ancient Persian. The air feels close and warm. Magic sets the air atingle. The pool gradually starts to fill with vitae, vitae of extreme potency. One of the Priests slits Sri Sansa's wrist and his vitae drips into the pit, joining the rest of the vitae there. Mithras contributes his own vitae, as do several of the onlooking Priests and High Initiates. Slowly, gradually the level of vitae rises until it covers you completely. 
   "Drink, drink deep of the holy, purifying vitae! Be as one with Mithras, your Lord, Lord of the undying Isles of the Mighty. Merge your strength with His and gain his bountiful favor!"
   The characters find themselves losing consciousness, though they retain a vague sense this ritual occurred, night after night, for a full lunar month. Memories of devotion to Mithras and to his service flood their minds as their consciousness swims upwards and into the present.
Scene Eight: Negotiations at the Subtle Spice
Back in Southall, hardly a second passed since the characters entered the flashback. The bustling, loading, and packing is still going on. Sri is looks apprehensively at the characters, waiting to see what they will do next. 
   Sri is proud and does not respond well to bullying or attempts to intimidate him, but does respond readily to flattery. The characters' presence upsets him, as he knows they must have something to do with Mithras - whom he both believed and fervently hoped was dead. He refuses to conduct any kind of business, or even discuss matters, in front of his family as he does not want them dragged into this.
   Sri suggests conducting negotiations in private room on the top floor of the Subtle Spice. No roll is required to discern his motivation, which is plain to read - he is willing to work with the characters, but not here. 
   If the characters insist to handle their business here and now, they're aiming for trouble - Sri is older than most of them (and he retains all his memories and powers), and surrounded by a loving family ready to fight alongside him. The characters might grab one of the family members as hostage, which immediately sees Sri enter a rage frenzy and attack them. If the characters manage to defeat Sri, his ghoul Amrish begs them to stop and offers whatever they want - and he knows where Sri keeps the ring they seek, once they describe it. If the characters lose to Sri, they also lose their chance to obtain the ring.
   If the characters agree to a meeting at the Subtle Spice, however, Sri walks off for a moment to instruct Amrish Bakshi to continue with the loading of the vans in his absence. If the characters listen in on this conversation it is perfectly banal except Sri asks Amrish to arrange for his rescue if he is gone for more than two hours. 
   If the characters have their own transport at this point in the scenario, Sri mentions several good places to park which can otherwise be a problem in the area. If they don't, he will suggest calling a cab. One of his mortal relatives has a taxi company, of which Sri takes one for himself.
   

   
ThE SUBTLE SPICE 
A upmarket restaurant serving designer subcontinental food. The portions are small but delicious and the presentation is exquisite. The décor is all black leather, chrome, and glass. Strains of "happy birthday to you" ring out at regular intervals as the venue is popular for all kinds of celebrations.
   Mortal Activities: no mortal gets into this restaurant without a reservation. Patrons converse in a variety of languages and classical Ragas play in the background. groups of friends, colleagues, and families fill the tables, nearly all of them celebrating some special occasion. All have dressed to impress, with significant quantities of gold on display, though saris and shalwar kameez are more in evidence than western fashions. It is a place to see and be seen, to delight all the senses, rather than merely to fill one's belly.
   Dominant Vampire: This is sri sansa's Domain. 
   Kindred Activities: sri has a private room on the top floor of the restaurant. Management occasionally releases this to private parties of mortals but never without Sri's explicit permission - which he only gives to his retainers or extended mortal family. This is where sri meets with other Kindred visiting his domain. feeding from customers or staff downstairs arouses the wrath of sri sansa, who advertises his claim on the restaurant with discrete tags among mortal graffiti - the characters can spot and read their meaning with a Difficulty 2 Intelligence + Streetwise test. 
   Special: The sight of extravagantly dressed patrons and the appetizing smells of the food reminds Dr. Banerjee of his mortal childhood, and may invoke a Memoriam.
   
vampire, for all his flaws and conmanship. This chapter is about moral choices, and Sri is an example of where the characters might find themselves, decades into the future, if they by and large make the right ones.
   Eventually the characters should ask about the ruby ring they were sent to retrieve. The characters can attempt Charisma + Persuasion, Manipulation + Subterfuge, or Wits + Insight, opposed by Sri's Resolve + Composure to get Sri to admit he has it. Sri can also be bribed, as described above, into admitting he has the ring without the need for a roll. Lastly, Sri also relents if the characters admit they're working on orders of the returned Cult of Mithras, or Pater Thomas in particular. How helpful Sri is after he admits he has the ring depends on how the characters interact with him. He does recall being gifted the ruby ring and sincerely hopes that he can find it as, although he knows precisely where he kept it, with the move everything is topsy turvy! Oh, he's happy enough to help the characters retrieve it, if they are willing to offer him something in return for his time and trouble. If the characters drive a hard bargain, or simply refuse to negotiate, Sri eventually just agrees to surrender the ring - he wants nothing more to do with Mithras or the cult, and knows keeping the ring will only see more agents hounding him.
   Once there is an agreed price for obtaining Sri's assistance and hands shaken upon the bargain, Sri suggests a return to Osterley to retrieve the ring. Amrish, he says, is most efficient and has cataloged every item as it went into the boxes. Surely, when the ring was packed for transit, Amrish would have noted its location on his pocket telephone! As they get ready to return to Osterley though, Sri's very old flip phone rings....
Scene Nine: Clan Politics 
This scene provides characters with hints that some form of compulsion is influencing their memories and actions. As such, it's in their best interest to accompany Sri, but the characters don't know this and might balk. If they don't want to go, Sri reluctantly goes alone and meets the characters again in Scene Ten.
   The caller is Amrish, who informs Sri that Ayse Dhanial insisted on a meeting at the Blue Monsoon 
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
Lounge to discuss clan matters. Wits + Awareness at Difficulty 4 lets the characters overhear the conversation, though they don't need to - Sri would rather not meet Ayse alone and, unless Scene Eight went very badly, he asks the characters to accompany him. He even offers inducements to them to do so, which offers the characters an out if they previously agreed on a price for the ruby ring.
   Ayse waits in the Blue Monsoon Lounge. If she met the characters in Scene Four she greets them accordingly. Otherwise she introduces herself before finding a quiet corner table and getting down to business.
   Ayse speaks softly and intensely about the evils of the blood bond and how it is possible to break these by following Carna's methods. Ayse is not capable of performing this ritual herself but claims, should Sri decide to become a member of House Carna, she can introduce him to those who can. If Alice reveals herself as Tremere, Ayse tries to recruit her too if she didn't before. However the conversation unfolds, descriptions of the blood bond, the emotions and obsession it instills, lets the characters recognize distant similarities to their own feelings about Mithras.
   Sri is vaguely interested in Ayse's offer, but ultimately unconvinced. He is not yet ready to take sides in internal Tremere politics.
   If the Threat Level is 3 or above, Ayse is fearful of what Operation Antigen might do in London. As well as wishing to recruit for House Carna, she seeks Sri's, and possibly Alice's, help in moving the contents of the chantry in London to a safer place. Sri absolutely declines, but Alice might agree. If so, such a move is beyond the scope of this scenario as it requires unseating the current Regent, Edward Bainbridge, who is a strict traditionalist committed to giving no quarter and re-establishing the Pyramid. If the Storyteller plans to run a longer London chronicle, they can design their own scenario featuring Ayse later. Or they can simply rule the ploy works, and adjust London After the Fall accordingly.
Scene Ten: Finally, the Ruby Ring
Sri and the characters return to Osterley to retrieve the promised ring. 
Amrish is still working on loading the chattels into the transit vans, while Sri's family members are by now either bored or frustrated with the whole exercise. There are noticeably fewer family members about, and when Sri inquires, Amrish throws up his hands in despair and says some have gone to bed inside the house.
   Sri asks Amrish about the ruby ring. He remembers which jewel box it was in formerly, and that the box in question was sealed inside the safe behind a picture of a street in Amritsar. Amrish promptly consults a spreadsheet, both a printout and the more up to date copy on his cell phone. He walks confidently to one of the vans and starts pulling out heavy boxes until he comes to the one he has identified. Sri nods. This is definitely the box he remembers. Amrish carries the box towards the house and Sri follows, indicating the characters are welcome to follow him.
   There is no furniture in the hallway though there are marks on the floor from the feet of the furniture now in the white vans. Amrish puts the box down on a windowsill and opens it. Inside is a chest, elaborately decorated with a relief in ivory of men on the backs of elephants pursuing a tiger. Amrish produces a large bunch of keys and unlocks the chest.
When the chest is open, the characters see a vast quantity of jewels. 
Rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and diamonds, most of them exquisitely set. Sri starts to rummage through them. Although Amrish is keeping a close eye on proceedings, a Dexterity + Larceny test at Difficulty 4 enables an avaricious character to purloin a piece or two. It takes a while to establish the ruby ring in question is not among the treasures here.
   Sri looks a little panicky. He shouts at Amrish, asking whether there are any other chests that might contain the piece he is seeking. Amrish goes out to the van and returns with another box which contains more wealth in the form of coronets, bracelets, and necklaces. No ruby ring.
   "Perhaps, Sir," Amrish suggests, "One of your family has taken a fancy to it."
   "Wake them!" Sri shouts, uncharacteristically angry. "Bring them down here. All of them!"
  It takes Amrish half an hour to assemble the sleeping members of the household. They come downstairs, bleary eyed, some carrying half sleeping children. Sri, now angry on the verge of frenzy, skips any explanation of what he seeks and instead roughly examines them, dismissing each from his presence when he fails to find the ring. Last in line is his beloved great grandniece and touchstone, Satsinram Sansa. She smiles at her beloved uncle who, spotting a ruby ring on the middle finger of her left hand launches himself upon her in a frenzy.
   Satsinram screams in terror. Amrish looks on, wringing his hands, unable to do anything. Peering in through an open window is the thin-blood Najma Elmi, exercising her spy duties for de Worde.
   The characters can attempt to grapple Sri and pull him away from Satsinram before he wounds her fatally. If a character tries to remove the ring from Satsinram's finger without first dealing with her great grand uncle, Sri directs his attacks onto them.
   If the characters manage to keep Sri off Satsinram for three rounds, he comes to his senses - they aren't his target, and he loves his niece. Even so, the violence left Sri tainted and the rest of the family clearly shaken. Satsinram eyes her uncle with fearful suspicion, and he stands to lose her as Touchstone in the near future. If the characters let Sri attack Satsinram, he kills her within the same timespan.
   Sri is overcome with remorse when he calms down. Satsinram is, or possibly was, his beloved niece, and he harmed or even killed her. If Satsinram died, Sri cries inconsolably. If she survived, fear reads plainly on her face and Sri might still lose her as Touchstone within the near future. One cousin, unaware that Sri is a vampire, takes out his cell phone to contact the police or an ambulance. Other family members, who know Sri isn't mortal, attempt to dissuade him. If the characters step in, whatever they propose sways the situation. Otherwise, the Storyteller decides if the cousin makes the call - if it goes through, the next chapter starts at Threat Level +1. The characters can also use the argument to quietly take the ring from Satsinram, who even alive is too shaken to notice. 
   If the cousin calls the authorities, first responders arrive in ten minutes and the characters should leave now. They can still take the ring, and can also persuade Sri he needs to leave with them. If the Threat Level is 3 or less, the characters of family can explain the situation away as a mortal dispute. Threat Level 4 or 5, although the cover up may appear to work, Sri is identified as a definite IC0 and any player characters present become targets for surveillance unless they succeed at a Charisma + Subterfuge, Difficulty 4, test.
To Catch a Spy
A successful Wits + Awareness test at Difficulty 4 means one or more characters saw Najma Elmi watching through the window. She takes off rapidly if approached. If the characters let her go, she will report the entire situation to de Worde. If they chase and catch her, she will start by fighting to get away, swearing and refusing to talk. She may rant and rail about the unfair treatment of the Duskborn in the City and how they intend to take the suburbs for their own.
   It should not prove difficult for Kindred characters to overcome the Mercurian. Najma does not have a lot of information, but can reveal the name of her contact Gabriella. She will even ally herself with the characters if one of them promises to make her into a full-on Kindred and convinces her they will make good on their promise. Becoming a 'proper' vampire is what Najma really wants, but there are other bribes and promises that might motivate her.
Aftermath 
¦ Najma's connection to de Worde, or Clan Nosferatu (via Gabriella) would provide a way into What Hides Beneath. ¦ Ayse Demir can provide a way to Red Lists and Red Caps, setting up a meeting between the characters and Chun Hei.¦ All the Kindred in London know that Queen Anne's party is tomorrow night, if the group wants to run Sunset of Flames next.¦ Player characters could have picked up a number of allies, contacts, Touchstones, or enemies and these may help or hinder progress as the chronicle progresses.   

   

   
  Creatures hiding in the Tube are often not welcome in the city above. The clan who is cursed with physical flaws enough to repulse even the most resilient Brujah, Kindred who are shunned for the weakness of their blood, and mortal servants who, by societal standards, simply do not fit in. From this kingdom of darkness, Richard de Worde sends his agents to watch the world above. The ancient Nosferatu, and Mithras' former spy master, has lost none of this skill - and he already has his eye on the characters, running around and prodding at secrets best left buried.
   Diving deeper into the Underground tunnels, players discover how being in a labyrinth engulfed in damp darkness affects their characters. The constant fear of not knowing which direction to take, where they are and, most importantly, what hides around the next corner, takes them into a state of helplessness and despair. This chapter may drive them away from the immediate dangers of the Operation Antigen and the threat of breaking the Masquerade, but it presents other perils - many of which they have never encountered before.  
   What Hides Beneath drags the characters from street-level to the London Underground. They must face what hides in its depths to retrieve a hidden dagger, Mithras' Egyptian dagger, guarded by de Worde. This scene is focused on both the horror of being underground with potential enemies everywhere, while also exploring the theme of Hunger. As the characters retreat into the tunnels, they soon realize food is scarce, with the Beast rearing its head if not fed soon.
Storyteller Goals
This chapter has fear and Hunger as its main themes, and creates the framework for an underground chiller horror. Storytellers diving into the horror theme of this chapter should make use of as many of their players' senses as possible. Horror is often aided by immersion and the creation of vivid imagery through storytelling. Make sure to explore how the characters feel as the darkness presses in on them. They are not just walking through a tunnel: the dark seems to get more intense the further they progress, almost as if it's strangling them and overtaking their entire being. The tunnel is not just damp: the water in the air clings to them, and water drops trickle down their arms like parasites crawling underneath their skin. The out-ofgame environment can also create immersion by lowering the light, playing at full night, using candlelight, and even ominous background music.
   Most importantly, it is your responsibility as a Storyteller to ensure your players are comfortable with the level of horror of your game. Speak to the players beforehand and get a sense of how much you can amp up the fear, and make sure to stay clear of any personal limits. Horror can evoke traumatic memories and trigger phobias, but this is not the purpose of this story, and should never be utilized for any dramatic or immersive effect. 
Threat Level Rating
¦ THREAT LEVEL 1-2: Run chapter as written.¦ THREAT LEVEL 3: Run chapter as written, but add a few members of Operation Antigen roaming around in the Underground.¦ THREAT LEVEL 4: Run chapter as for Threat Level 3, and add additional Antigen agents following the characters in Scene One.¦ THREAT LEVEL 5: Run chapter as for Threat Level 4, but add a large group of Operation Antigen which attacks the coterie in the Underground, right before they would face Rea.Scene One: Paranoia 
The first scene serves as an introduction to the rest of the chapter, but also lets the characters finally hunt on their own terms. Instead of starting as a group, they are spread out in order to hunt, perhaps as the preceding chapter left them hungry. Each hunting session should be played out with the characters individually, but the group is once again reunited at the end of this scene. Each feeding session is highly affected by the characters feeling of being watched, and indeed they are. Rumors of a coterie running around London talking about Mithras have reached even the depths of the underground, more specifically de Worde's domicile. In return, he sends out spies to keep a keen eye on the coterie and follow their every move. Unfortunately, even well-trained spies make mistakes. Depending on the choices made by the characters in this scene, as well as the rolls they make, the spies could leave clues and items which can help the characters when they eventually set in the hunt for de Worde. 
   Following is a description of how different feeding sessions can happen with the pregenerated characters' predator types, and what kind of interactions the characters might have with de Worde's spies. Slipping back into familiar patterns can also invoke a Memoriam for any of the characters. 
ALICE MOCKINGDALE, THE OSIRIS
Social groups excite you. On one hand, mortals act as entertainment and company in everlasting nights that sometimes seem too dull to handle - and on the other, they provide a wonderful flock of thralls, abiding by your word and acting as perfect lunchboxes. Whether you have a large church following with thousands of religious people following your every move, or you have a small and tight-knit group of cultists, you feed from those you share a group with. You feed from the flock of sheep. You feed from your nearest friends.
   Alice is new to seeking worship for herself, having always served as the Voice of Mithras. The player should decide whether she gives into that temptation now, or if she returns to presenting herself as her master's handmaiden. Either way, her instincts quickly lead her to a group of young mortals seeking spiritual enlightenment, be they pagans worshiping Mithras or Wiccans engaging in the witchcraft so familiar to Alice. She might enter a physical temple, following ancient symbols and signs, or join an online group once a friendly face explains how the internet works. Once she has laid the groundwork, it's easy for someone of Alice's background to gain a following - the action in this scene starts when one of them, by leaving a physical note or online message, asks to meet behind a local gas station. However, a successful Intelligence + Insight test at Difficulty 3 makes the character realize the way the message is written seems odd and out of place, as if someone else is writing the messages. 
¦ Meet up: The message was left by one of de Worde's spies who successfully mimicked the mortal's hand-
C h A P T E R 4 - W h AT h I D E S B E n E AT h
writing, or hacked his way into their social media. The Nosferatu lost track of Alice in the preceding chapter, and felt this was a good way to draw her out again. A successful Wits + Awareness test at Difficulty 3 reveals the neonate crawling over the wooden fence next to the gas station, however, who's keeping a close watch on Alice. This gives her a chance to chase after the spy. Although the neonate is nowhere to be seen by the time Alice climbs the fence, she discovers a clue in the form of a battered bronze ring which fell out of his pocket. Intelligence + Occult at Difficulty 4 lets her glean the ring is enchanted with blood magic, and functions as some sort of spell ward - this can provide vital aid in Scene Three. 
¦ Do not meet up: Alice might distrust the message and ask the other characters to accompany her. This allows them to potentially capture the Nosferatu. He gives up the ring to trade for his freedom, but beyond that will only say he has been sent by the Lord of the Underground.
LADY CATHERINE MONTAGUE, THE SIREN
Some say cocaine is the best drug to be addicted to with its availability and cheap price, others find comfort in the bottom of a bottle. For you, however, sex is your way to numb the pain of the everlasting existence as a monstrous being. You do not mind having to spend a bit of blood to gain the euphoric experience of a full stomach and the emotional rush derivated from sex. Why settle for any less now you already have a mortal in your hands? For you, enjoyment of the body lies only in consumption of vitae, but taking in the entire being you are with helps carrying your mind to a better, happier place, regardless of the lack of physical pleasure.
   The Storyteller can take this opportunity to talk to Catherine's player about where she would build a regular feeding ground and with whom. This can lead them to places like brothels and nightclubs, perhaps even street sex workers and the like. While she has valid long-term vessels and a possible Touchstone in Diana McKinsley, the individual they meet in this scene is one of de Worde's spies. She approaches and offers herself up for intercourse. Catherine can try to figure out the spy's true intentions with a successful Wits + Investigation or Intelligence + Manipulation test at Difficulty 3. 
¦ Attack: The spy does not attack Catherine and only defends herself if attacked. She can easily be defeated as she does not bear any weapons, but knows little and so provides the character with no further clues than below.¦ Communicate: The spy can be either bribed into talking, or threatened into doing so with a successful Manipulation + Intimidation test at Difficulty 3. Disciplines also apply. If successful in convincing the spy to give information, she tells Catherine her name is Bethany Lowell. She works for a man named de Worde, who dwells in the underground, and was sent to set up a rapport with Catherine.DOCTOR HENRY BANERJEE, SANDMAN
Feeding does not have to be a hard task. Why make it harder than it is? Feeding off sleeping subjects is far less messy than from someone fighting back, and you do not have to waste your precious energy on manipulating or convincing anyone into giving you what you need. You steal it. It is as simple as that.
   The Sandman always feeds on sleeping victims and this, at times, includes non-consenting victims. Henry, specifically, is instinctively drawn to hospitals - he may even return to Guy's Hospital if the Storyteller want to reunite them with his ghoul Torondo. One of de Worde's spies follows them there, then presents themselves as a sleeping patient to feed on. Unintentionally, this spy looks like a homeless person, which may further entice Henry as a vulnerable target. His hair is unkempt, and even changed into a hospital gown his body odor bears witness to how long it has been since he had a shower. If Henry takes the bait, he senses the victim is pretending to be asleep with a Wits + Insight test at Difficulty 3. Getting close to the "vessel" and attempting to feed on him results in Henry being threatened with a knife, and the spy demanding they tell him why he returned to London. If Henry does not take the bait, the spy gets up and runs after Henry with the intention of pulling him into a cleaning supply closet. Henry can resist, but any fight in the hallway quickly alerts hospital security.
   There's a tattooed teenager in one of the beds. This is Jimmy "Sleeves" Sleven after a bad scrap. This character could work as a Touchstone for Henry.
¦ Attack: The spy fights to the last and does not stop until he is forced to. If the spy is defeated in physical combat, an old train operator's whistle out of his pocket - this can serve as an aid in Scene Two. If the character cannot defeat the spy, the spy gets away without leaving a clue.¦ Communicate: This ghoul does not talk to the character under any circumstances, unless the Henry presents a credible threat to him. In that case, he reveals his name as Servant, and only knows that the Master of Darkness sent him to find out why Henry returned to London.TOMMY SMITH, THE ALLEYCAT
The hunger boils inside you like a slumbering beast about to awaken. You feel the pain of emptied veins as stinging needles throughout your entire being. Your body itches for blood, but not just any type. For you, the hunt is just as important, if not more so, than the outcome. You need to find a victim and you need to find them quick. 
   Tommy is in his element. No more vessels neatly presented on a silver platter. No more elders yanking his chains. It's simply him and his prey. He can easily find a late-night dog walker, a jogger, or a drunk on his way home from the local bar. If Tommy's player is looking for a contact on the street, or even a potential Touchstone, this is a great opportunity to introduce Gemma the bag lady.
   As he continues his hunt, Tommy feels as if he is the one being chased. A successful Wits + Awareness test at Difficulty 3 reveals a lanky woman following him. As soon as he sees her, she disappears again. The feeling of being watched and the appearances of the figure lasts during the entire chase, almost as if the closer Tommy gets to his victim, the closer his stalker does too. Going after the figure, who uses Obfuscate to remain hidden, requires a successful Resolve + Investigation at Difficulty 3. 
   If Tommy continues the hunt, de Worde's spy interrupts him just as he's about to tackle his victim, by accidentally knocking over a trash can, bumping into a door, or dropping keys. This breaks her Obfuscate and gives Tommy another opportunity to interact with her. 
¦ Attack: The spy tries to flee, and Tommy has to make a successful Strength + Brawl at Difficulty 3 to keep her restrained. If Tommy succeeds, a brass key with the words "Mind the gap" engraved on it falls from her pocket. ¦ Communicate: Tommy can attempt Manipulation 
+ Intimidation test at Difficulty 4 to coax information from the spy, who now reveals her name as Huntress. She informs the character de Worde sent her to keep an eye on the character, whom de Worde named an old acquaintance.With a successful Wits + Etiquette test at Difficulty 4 it is clear to see the spy is unfashionably clad, with mismatched socks, an outdated tie and suit, holed dressshoes, and a long, grimy trench-coat. She looks unkempt and smells unwashed. A successful Wits + Insight test at Difficulty 3 reveals how frightened she looks with widened eyes, trembling hands, and shifty look.
TONY CASTELLI, THE BAGGER
Feeding is not easy for you. You always found it hard to feed from what still had a beating heart; it feels grotesque to you, and you would rather have something already harvested and processed than take it directly from the source. You would rather not just jump on the first mortal or pigeon you see on the street. You prefer to focus on alternative routes.
   Tony used to trade for blood, but having recently awoken from 60 years of torpor, lacks readily available contacts. Instead, he needs to find a new way to gain his blood - and a hospital is a likely source, by bribing a nurse or guard to let him into the blood bank, for example. This person, who should be a legitimate contact for the remainder of the scenario, tells them to speak to Jane next - and that's where he meets the spy.
   Tony spots a woman with a "Jane Barns" name tag, doing paperwork either standing or sitting behind the counter. A successful Wits + Insight test at Difficulty 3 reveals she is clearly stressed. Her palms glisten with sweat in the light of the office lamps, leaving marks on the paper she holds in her hands. An uncertain and concerned look is plastered across her face. The contact constantly looks to the ground in order to hide her appearance, but a successful Perception + Investigation test at Difficulty 3 reveals scar tissue stretching all the way down her left cheek and across her chest. The scar looks like an old burn, almost as if hot liquid was splashed on 
   
¦ Attack: The spy does not attack first. Any physical combat only commences on Tony's initiative. If Tony attacks, the spy tries to defend herself using a taser. As Jane is a ghoul, she is easily defeated. Killing her yields no additional clues for the character, but Tony can pick up the papers and thoroughly investigate them. Besides his picture, the document holds instructions to watch for Tony if he comes in for blood. 
The instruction is signed by a 'RdW'.¦ Communicate: Jane has few additional clues for the character, and cowers on the ground if threatened. If Tony decides on a gentler approach without threats, his player must roll Charisma + Persuasion at Difficulty 3. Jane - which is her real name - tells them she works for de Worde who dwells underground and who expected Tony to visit a blood bank - clearly de Worde recognized him from before his torpor. her and scorched her skin. After she hands the blood bags to Tony, Jane accidentally drops the documents she was working on. With a successful Wits + Awareness test at Difficulty 2, Tony sees a printed picture of himself on top of the stack of sheets.
Meeting With de Worde
As the coterie know they need to meet with de Worde at some point, they have the possibility of having 
a captured spy call him to set up a meeting. De Worde agrees to a telephone call - he will call them. He will tell the coterie of his fears about Mithras' return, for Mithras is dark and terrible in his age. He will deny possessing the Egyptian dagger, and refuse to talk about his involvement with Mithras further. The conversation is short and bland, though de Worde does tell them he is only keeping an eye on them in case they're stirring up trouble. However, he won't start anything if they don't. If the characters suggest coming to the Underground to look for the dagger themselves, de Worde forbids it and says he'll take any trespassing as a sign of hostility.
Possible Contacts and Touchstones
DIANA MCKINSLEY
As the proud owner of the record for most parties attended in high school, Diana dances through life with seemingly not a care in the world. Her traditional good looks and outgoing personality opens many doors for her, and she rarely closes them again. Her group of friends thinks she is amazing and interesting, and Diana cannot help but get a small ego boost when she feels all the attention drawn towards her. She is often found either at the club or at a house-party. 
¦ Motivation: Diana craves new experiences, her popularity serving as a means rather than an end to this.
¦ Fear: Diana's worst fear is to lead a boring life and pass quietly into obscurity.
GEMMA THE BAG LADY
Growing up in a foster home with unloving parents and later diving into drugs and alcohol as a bandaid on a gaping wound, Gemma 
never felt as if she fit into the world she was born into. She was not forced to live on the street, but chose to do so. Apartments remind her of imprisonment, and her neighbors always made a fuss about her late-night anxiety attacks. So she chose the streets - and they welcomed her. She has never been happier than now. Carrying a sport-bag on her back, she always has all her belongings close by and does not have to worry about rent. This also allows her to see and hear things normally unseen by most others, as the streets are her home.
¦ Motivation: More than anything, Gemma wants to live her last years in peace with her sport-bag and lots of sunshine. She is a simple woman with simple needs, and settles for less than other women in their late 60s would.¦ Fear :The fear of death does not necessarily disappear with age. The life on the street can be freeing, but it wears the body down, and the London cold at winter is not helping her bad knees. Gemma fears herself ending up lying lifeless on the ground, with nobody caring whether she is alive or dead.   
¦ Motivations: Guns, cigarettes, booze, and most of all money. Jimmy likes anything that makes him seem tougher and older than he actually is, although most people that know him beyond his reputation can tell you about his love for animals and his bed-ridden mother.¦ Fears: Boys. Jimmy has recently been going through some changes in his body and has taken notice of other boys. With no one to guide him through this awkward part of a young man's life, these changes scare the shit out of him. Anyone who so much as mentions his voice cracking will get a Louisville Slugger to both kneecaps before anyone has a chance to laugh.JIMMY "SLEEVES" SLEVEN
At twelve years old, Jimmy Sleeves has more tattoos on his arms than most bikers going through their midlife crisis. Half of them done in blue or black ink while behind bars in juvenile detention, the other half purchased using the illicit funds that landed him in a correctional facility in the first place. Although he is very young, Jimmy has several contacts within organized crime, from bikers to mafiosos, and if the gang tattoos on his face are any indication, he should not be taken lightly. He has a degree in street smarts and is willing to take the risky jobs that most adults would not touch with a 10 foot pole. Jimmy has made and spent more money illegally in the past five years than most tax paying adults will make in 20.
Scene Two: Descent 
Interactions with de Worde's spies should lead the coterie to seek out the London Underground as their next stop. If the characters found a contact in a previous chapter to tell them de Worde dwells in the Underground, they can also pick up here. 
   Asking around about de Worde beyond that draws the interest of the local Nosferatu, who send a neo nate named Gabriella to find out what the characters want with him. Gabriella reveals de Worde used to be very social - especially as Nosferatu come - but suddenly became withdrawn, obsessing about blood rituals and "the return of the old man." She doesn't reveal more, but does intimate that she's interested to hear how the characters' journey went once they return. She gives them a phone number to contact her later.
The Entrance
The London Underground can be accessed from hundreds of locations from the inner city to the suburbs. The influx of mortals dressed in business or casual clothes, dragging wheelies and talking on their phones, groups of teenagers going to parties, elderly couples too old to drive, and confused tourists trying to reach the airport in time, can all guide the characters to a tube station. If not, the iconic circular signs that pepper the inner city serve as indicators.
   Under usual circumstances, the Tube buzzes with activity all day, but recent threats of terrorism in the inner city, a cover-up for the Operation Antigen's invasion, have left the tunnels and check-in gates emptier than usual. Finding a station not heavily guarded by police, even after operating hours, may therefore prove difficult for the characters. A successful Wits + Streetwise at Difficulty 4 allows the characters to find an unguarded station currently closed for maintenance. If they plan to sneak onto the tracks, the Storyteller should tell them it's smart to wait until 2AM, after the Tube's normal operating hours - London's metro trains run flush to the walls, and traversing the tunnels with all trains running is deadly even for vampires.
STATION UNDER RENOVATION
As the coterie approaches the station's access, they immediately see the entranced blocked by an iron grid. A yellowed sign stuck to the metal reads "Closed for renovations until further notice." A Wits + Investigation test at Difficulty 3 warns the coterie there is CCTV keeping an eye on their every move on each of the upper corners of the grid. The coterie has the choice to break through the fence by force. This does not necessarily prove difficult for a vampire with Potence, but remind the players their characters are currently on a public street, increasing the risk of being witnessed. A successful Strength + Athletics roll at Difficulty 5 allows the character to force the grate up. 
   

   
at Difficulty 4. Doing so lowers the Difficulty of sneaking past by 2. Otherwise it takes one successful Dexterity + Stealth test at Difficulty 4 for the officers, and an additional test at Difficulty 6 for the dogs. Failing this roll results in either one of the officers or the dogs heading after the characters, forcing them to quickly find a place to hide with a successful Wits + Stealth test at Difficulty 4.¦ Convincing: Police officers are used to manipulation, and fast-talking them is not as easy as convincing any other mortal. If the coterie wants to talk their way past the police, perhaps by pretending they are undercover law enforcement or maintenance workers, a successful Manipulation + Performance at Difficulty 4 is required. If they want to threaten their way past the police, remind the players they are trained to handle exactly those situations and are armed. This therefore only succeeds with a Manipulation + Intimidation at Difficulty 5. Lastly, they may want to charm their way in, however this also proves difficult since the officers are surrounded by colleagues, and takes a successful Charisma + Persuasion at Difficulty 5. If a character is keen on acquiring a contact with the police, a positive interaction here lays the groundwork.¦ Combat: If the coterie engages combat with the police, please see Vampire (p. 371) for stats. Most officers in London are armed with batons, CS or PAVA spray, and a taser. The Storyteller can allow one or two of the officers to carry a handgun, but this is highly unlikely, since regular officers in England do not carry firearms.Possible Police Contacts
LISA SVÄSTRÖM ANDERSEN
Ever since Lisa was a child, she wanted to be a police officer. Protecting the innocent and working for the greater good was always in her cards, and after applying to the police academy in Stockholm she was hired by Europol, who were impressed by her leadership and teamworking skills. After travelling around Europe through her 20s, she finally settled down with her wife in London and joined the London police.
¦ Motivations: Lisa lives to serve and does anything and everything for the force, even if that means forgetting a date with her wife or shelving her social life for months in a row. As long as there are criminals in the world, Lisa will not stop working unless she is forced to.¦ Fears: Becoming useless to society is Lisa's biggest fear. She loathes the idea of not being able to protect her country and not being able to make up a valuable puzzle-piece in world. She does not accept any criminal behavior - even if this behavior is based purely on the purpose of feeding.BENJAMIN "BULL" THOMAS
Not having any ambition in life past high school rugby, Bull spent most of his days at his best friend Dominic's side left for university. But a year later, Bull heard of Dominic's death after buying bad drugs on campus. After this devastating news, Bull dedicated his life to law enforcement. He is as wide as he is tall, using his bulk to keep his partners safe.
¦ Motivations: Bull has always been the type to stop bullies in their tracks, and he lives every day under the motto "What Would Dominic Do?" as his moral compass. He hopes to one day track down and bring justice to the scumbag who sold drugs to his best friend.¦ Fears: Addicted to fast food while suffering from bouts of extreme depression, Bull is afraid of having a heart attack or dying in his sleep. His greatest fear is not being smart enough to find Dominic's killer.The Station
The station the characters are in is an older Metropolitan station and consists of only two platforms, a 7/11, and a flower-shop. If the characters chose to enter a station closed for renovation, they find signs of work abandoned mid-progress, such as scaffolding and a pallet of white tiles. All of it is covered in dust. 
   If the characters entered through a guarded entrance after hours, they find the station similarly empty, as reduced passenger numbers allow the clean-up 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
crew to go through stations more quickly, and this one is already - if hastily - done for the night.
   For the characters, seeing the booths, stations, kiosks, and stores completely closed and devoid of any activity is not only odd but also eerie - even in the 1940s the stations were always bustling, with travelers and Londoners hiding from air raids. Stepping across the tiled floors, their movements echo through the emptiness, and only small, tell-tale signs of human activity are left behind, like a crumpled up chocolate bar wrapper stuffed in a place the cleaning crew missed, or an umbrella rolled under a vending machine. Although the station is empty, between the unknown depths of the train tunnels and the echoes around them in the station, the darkness seems to almost stare back at them. A successful Wits + Awareness test at Difficulty 4 reveals a shadowy figure crawling on all fours like an animal on the back wall behind the tracks, sticking to the shadows. As quickly as it is spotted it disappears into the darkness again. 
   If the characters take time to study some of the tags scrawled onto walls, pillars, and benches, they can easily spot a Nosferatu symbol spray-painted onto a pillar. Even in the 1940s, vampires used such markers to denote their territory, so the characters should know what that means.
  A successful Wits + Awareness test at Difficulty 3 reveal more symbols in red chalk on different places in the station. Some of them on a random floor tile, another near the top of a pillar, one even on a vacant train that stopped a couple of meters before reaching the platform. These symbols all look the same: three lines creating what looks like a table with two legs. Making a successful Intelligence + Streetwise test at Difficulty 4 tell the players these are typical symbols used by hobos to mark if there is easily available food in the area. These symbols are just that. De Worde's spies have infested the entire London Underground, creating their own world of chaos and comfort. They mark off places in the underground where vitae is easy to attain. Kiosks isolated from the rest of the stores, or inner-city trains often transporting intoxicated mortals, children, or other easy sources of blood often bear these marks.
THE LOST TOREADOR
The coterie suddenly hears a faint "Hello!" from one of the other platforms. A young man wearing a green vest, a white button-up shirt, light-brown khaki pants, and a coat resting on his left shoulder walks towards the coterie with hasty steps. He introduces himself as Victor, but does not immediately reveal he is a vampire too. As he gets closer, it is clear to see spots of dirt and what looks like dried blood on his dress shoes and that his gelled hair is out of place. The smartness of his outfit contrasts with his pallor, he almost looks sick with pale skin and watery eyes. Victor quickly runs his fingers 
through his hair, as if he realizes it is messy and wants to look presentable. A successful Resolve + Etiquette at Difficulty 4 reveals the young man is wearing heavy foundation on one side of his face, which appears to be full of dents and scars. 
   "My name is Victor! It's nice to finally see someone other than police down here."
   Victor is a newly embraced Toreador who fell out with his sire and her coterie. He followed one of de Worde's adverts for a 'party in the Underground' and snuck into the station, much like the characters, two nights ago. Unfortunately for Victor, the advert is a trap to lure vessels into the station - and as de Worde forbids his people to feed on other Kindred for fear of the blood bond superseding their loyalty to him, no one ever came to collect the Toreador. Since then, police have taken to guarding the Underground and young Victor immediately - and in this case rightly - jumped to the conclusion they must be the hunters everyone was talking about. He's too terrified to attempt to sneak past them, and so has remained here - retreating into the tunnel where he found a place to sleep when the trains resume service at dawn.
   Victor serves as example of a new, rather hapless, vampire. The Storyteller should portray him right on the edge of endearingly and annoyingly naive. Helping Victor, if the characters later decide to do so, is not that hard, and they can simply sneak him out the way they came in - it's Victor's fear more than the actual guards that keep him down here. 
   
   Following are examples of questions the coterie may ask Victor, and the answers he gives.
What are you doing down here?
"Oh, you see, I found this ad on one of the rubbish bins near Trafalgar Square. It was kind of obscure, and normally I am never a person to follow nonsensical stuff like that, but I am kind of in a rough spot with my other... friends. That's when I saw the ad for a 'lonely person's' club in the London Underground. The thing is, I've been walking around here for nights, and I can't really find any club or any people."
How did you get past the guards? "That's the thing, I can't. See, when I went down here a couple of nights ago, the station was yet to be closed. And now, I can't get out again since there are police 24/7 all over the damn place, making it impossible for me to get anywhere. They'll probably think I am some sort of terrorist if I suddenly emerge from the darkness two nights after they closed the station."
Are you of the blood?
"Do you mean ... a vampire? Well, yes. I am. Very recently as well. I don't know much about this whole ordeal, all I know is rat blood tastes like what they eat - trash."
Have you seen anyone else down here?
"You know, I want to say no and yes. No, because I haven't really interacted with anyone at all besides you these last nights. Yes... Because I feel watched. I don't know if this is my lack of food making me delirious or there is actually someone down here.  
I swear to have seen some sort of creature crawling along the walls, but that surely must be something I imagined."
Do you know a "Richard de Worde"?
"Yes! Well, maybe. 'De Ward' was listed on the ad as the club president and supposedly hosts meetings down here. Don't know much else about him, quite honestly."
Why is there blood on your shoes?
"This is not my blood, luckily. This would be blood from rats and the occasional pigeon I had to kill over the last two nights to stay sustained. Is it fun? Absolutely not. Is it necessary? Absolutely."
DE WORDE'S GUARDIAN
As the conversation with Victor draws to an end, the fluorescent lights above the characters suddenly go out, leaving only the dim glow of the entrance and the emergency exit signs lighting up the station. A creature crawls on the wall, hunched over in ragged jeans with large canines protruding from his lips, just a few feet away from the coterie. The feral vampire was once in touch with its humanity, walking on two feet, conversing and functioning like any other vampire, but constantly existing in the underground and being exposed to hunger provoked by de Worde's blood sorcery has left him more an animal than a Kindred. The light occasionally flickers back on and the creature changes position every time it becomes visible in the light. The neonate is one of de Worde's spies, specifically the one Alice encountered during the first scene. He moves on all four, squats down like a dog, and growls like a feral beast. His hair and beard have become one matted tangle, and he is covered in dirt, dried blood, and soot. 
   The Guardian did not attack Victor, simply he was not a threat. He knows de Worde doesn't like these new arrivals though. He lunges at the characters - possibly Alice, as he has her scent, but the Storyteller can also determine the target randomly.
   Unless one of the characters specifically yells to Victor that they can handle this, the Toreador flees deeper into the underground at the first sight of the feral Guardian. 
    DEFEATING THE GUARDIAN The creature does not stop attacking unless it is rendered unable to. Killing 

   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
  De Worde used Blood Sorcery to cast Web of Hunger through the Underground. He learned this spell in the Cult of Mithras, as they used fasting and feasting as parts of rituals. With the characters seemingly acting in Mithras' name, or perhaps sensing his old master's presence in the dark recesses of his mind, de Worde fears his old master yet survived - and most worryingly for the Nosferatu personally, might know of his involvement in the betrayal. He wanted to protect himself from the potential wrath of an ancient vampire, and believes starving the ancient vampire will act as sufficient protection, as one such as Mithras rarely - if ever - has to deal with limited vitae. This constant draining of blood in the underground is the reason why many of his servants have succumbed to the Beast. De Worde did design a ward to counter the ritual, which he tethered to Mithras' Egyptian dagger for himself, and bestowed on his most cherished agents in the form of rings - the Guardian was such an agent, until he lost his ring while escaping from Alice. 
   Mechanically, in addition to gaining an immediate Hunger point above, feeding in the Underground yields no sustenance from animals, and feeding from a human sates one less Hunger. The characters also have to roll a Rouse check at the end of every encounter of reasonable length, per Storyteller's discretion, in Scene Three, though these checks cannot yet raise Hunger above 3. Again, the ring renders Alice immune to this.
  The coterie, if they want to get to de Worde, has no other choice than to proceed further into the tunnel system. The only way for the coterie to continue deeper into the system is walking along the train-tracks. This station has only two platforms, each with a single track leading in opposite directions. Platform one has a train, blocking one of the entrances to the tunnels, and Intelligence or Wits + Streetwise or Investigation at Difficulty 3 reveals this is strange, as the station doesn't look intended as depot. 
   If the characters entered through the station 'under renovation' in Scene Two, see also small excavator sitting amid debris in the middle of the tracks off platform two. The stalled train still sits at platform one, though it looks much more like a permanent fixture in this case.
The Stalled Train
Entering or walking beside the train, the characters soon realize the carriage at the very back of the train is completely boarded up. The carriage is of older date, and by the damage it looks to have been in some sort of crash. The doors on the first carriage seem to be forced open, leaving a hole large enough for a human to crawl through.
   Upon entering, the characters quickly see it no longer looks like a regular carriage. Glass remains splintered everywhere, and most of the seats have been ripped out and rearranged into something resembling a nest. Piles of clothing and shoes litter the floor of the carriage. The windows have been covered with scraps of paper and newspaper clippings. Wits + Investigation at Difficulty 2 quickly reveals someone has been staying there for quite a while. This carriage serves as home to the Guardian from Scene Two, and reveals more about his mortal life. While the Guardian originally came and went on foot, de Worde's childe Rea took to ferrying him about in his home-turned-cage to wherever she felt he was needed.
   A makeshift table, made out of overturned seats, holds a journal and a couple of pens visibly gnawed on. An Intelligence + Medicine at Difficulty 4 reveals the teeth marks are not from normal human teeth, but 
   
THe GUaRDIan's RInG
Hopefully, alice found the Guardian's ring in Scene One. If so, the characters may think to share it between them as they feed on rats to gain nourishment. This actually works, allowing them to gain full blood points while wearing the ring, and then passing it on to the next character to feed. De Worde intended for his wards to keep his most cherished servants safe, and never accounted for his enemies getting one of the few in existence.
   
looks like marks from fangs or canines. Comparing the journal to the notes taken from the Guardian in Scene Two, reveals similar handwriting. The journal holds a few pages written by a "Johannes", and details his life as a train operator. The last two pages are less informative and more desperate, as they describe how he suddenly woke up with two marks on his right ankle and felt as if his morning tea had an odd flavor to it like iron. It ends with the words "...And I have this odd hunger which does not seem to go away."
   The newspaper clippings on the windows are all stories about the rising terrorist threat in London. A successful Wits + Investigation roll reveals the newspaper clippings have writing on the reverse. Big, red letters spelling out "Antigen" and "he returns" written in what seems like a panic. The handwriting is similar to the writing from 'RdW' in the Bagger encounter.
The Tunnel: Meeting Rea
Heading towards the entrance to the tunnel, the characters see a young woman sitting on the edge of the platform, swinging her legs lazily and looking towards the coterie. She is wearing a pink knitted sweater a bit too long for her arms, almost covering her hands, a pair of acid washed jeans, combat boots, and a small backpack. Around her neck a golden key on a leather string rests just above her chest. She looks over at the coterie and, as soon as she spots them, she gets up from her seated position and step backwards and a frightened manner. She holds her arms in front of herself while trying to keep an eye on both the characters and where she is walking.
   De Worde, sensing the loss (or subduement) of his favorite Guardian, realizes the coterie is getting closer to his hideout despite his attempts to stop them, and sent his most valued spy to derail the characters. The characters need no roll to realize she wasn't there before - or at least, not where they could see. A successful Wits + Insight at Difficulty 5 reveals her fear is an act. Although she has been inside the Underground system longer than Victor, she does not look famished nor sick. De Worde has provided her with sufficient amounts of blood to feed, as well as a ward in the form of another ring.
"P-please don't hurt me. I haven't done anything wrong."



   
dangers. Following are some examples the Storyteller can use to either add flavor, make the coterie's journey more challenging, or represent Rea leading them into danger. These encounters are optional and not needed for the chronicle to proceed, which picks up in Scene Four, though the Storyteller is encouraged to run either the hunter or the maintenance surveyor if the characters desperately need to feed.
THE DUSKBORN
Deep in the underground tunnels, well beyond the tube tracks, the coterie stumbles upon two Duskborn, Janus and Mathias, who were invited to join de Worde's club a week ago. They look starved, and stumble towards the characters begging them for help. The coterie can either try and point them back towards the tube system, help them find food, or ask them to join the coterie for the time being. The two need to feed quickly, as they have been starving for days now - though that's little concern to the characters, unless they take them with them.
A HORDE OF RATS
The hunger in the underground not only affects the Kindred and ghouls within it, but also the animals normally inhabiting its tunnels. A few rats suddenly run past the coterie's feet. At first this seems normal, but more and more rats begin pouring in from behind them. Soon, an enormous swarm of hundreds washes over the coterie, reaching them far above the knees. The rats cling on to their clothes, sink their teeth into their skin, scratch and scream, squeak and gnaw. The rats can be negated with Animalism, but can also be fought off or fled from.
THE HUNTER
Devin is an Antigen agent gone rogue on the very early days of the operation. Hearing of IC0s running an underground kingdom, he walks from tunnel to tunnel disguised (and living) as a homeless person. He pushes a shopping-cart full of disguised stakes and weapons, hidden underneath sleeping bags, pots, and pans. He blends into the tunnel system with his dirt-toned clothes, and carries no visible weapons around. He occasionally gets picked up by the police, but always finds some former colleague to bail him out. 
   The characters can with Devin if they so choose, as he has no ready way to recognize them as IC0s. If they ask him his story, he tells them he lost his family in a house fire (true), used to work law enforcement (also true), and has lived down here for considerable time now (all true). A Charisma + Persuasion, or Manipulation + Subterfuge at Difficulty 4 coaxes Devin to talk about vampires in the underground, and a 'de Worde' who is worse than the lot of them. He'll join the characters if they intimate they plan to kill or subdue de Worde. However, if the coterie admits they are also vampires, he turns and attacks them when they least expect it.
RITUAL CIRCLE
In a small room, with lockers and rail maintenance tools sitting under layers of dust, the coterie finds what looks like a circle drawn with the same red chalk as the food symbols in the second scene. A little deeper into the debris is a dented chalice with bloodstains on the rim. An Intelligence + Occult test at Difficulty 5 makes the coterie aware this is a Blood Sorcery circle. If the coterie wants to research the blood, and successfully does so, they find out the blood is from a Duskborn recently turned. 
THE MAINTENANCE SURVEYOR
In another deep tunnel, beyond the tube system, the coterie suddenly hears a faint and strangled cry for help echoing from the darkness. Underneath a pile of rubble, the upper body, from the navel to the head, of a man in his 50s sticks out. This is Bill, a surveyor dispatched to see if any of the older tunnels were in danger of caving in. The answer, as Bill discovered the hard way, was 'yes'. He wears a blue overall gone white from the dust and debris, and reaches out towards the coterie begging them to help. He coughs up a bit of saliva mixed with dust. He survived by drinking water from a leaking pipe in the collapsed wall, which submerged the hole his legs are trapped in. 
  A successful Strength + Athletics test at Difficulty 4 digs him enough to get him free, however his legs suffer from gangrene after being submerged in dirty water.  If the characters pull him out of the hole, an ear-piercing scream escapes Bill, and the skin from his legs peels off and sticks to the concrete like wet leather. The characters all have to make a Hunger frenzy check at Difficulty 3. 
   If Bill survives, the group has to decide what to do with the mortal. Between his gangrene and malnourishment, the mortal can't walk. Do they go out of their way to drag him along, or leave him to a certain death?
Scene Four: The Bunker 
The coterie now finds itself in the deepest part of the London underground. This is de Worde's domain, and he has spent considerable effort and resources erasing it from any maps surface dwellers may have. These tunnels seem fossilized, and untouched for decades. 
   Ahead they see a large room covered by metal walls. A large vault door with a robust iron handle holds a sign reading "Bunker 788." Being one of the oldest subterranean systems in the world, the underground also provided a safe place for World War II bunkers and deep level shelters. 
   Stepping through the bunker door is like being transported backwards in time. The tiling on the walls not only shows its age from fading paint, but also in its very design. Although the characters do not need to breathe, they still feel the change in the air. Decades of stale air lies as a thick blanket over the entire area, clinging to their skin and sticking to eyes and nostrils. It reeks of rat feces, mildew from the abandoned upholstered seats in the commando booth, and rotten flesh. A newspaper stand holds papers dating back to the 1940s, which could invoke a Memoriam for any character. Tommy, especially, should suffer from the sensation of being holed up in here - a death trap is a death trap, regardless of which war it's from.
   Writing in red covers the wall, floor, and even the ceiling, using the same red chalk the coterie has seen in the food symbol in Scene Two, and the Ritual Circle if they passed it in Scene Three. Big red letters spell out "THE LAW," and several repeated lists of "First Law: Never feed from your own. Second Law: Never leave - the world is always crueler on the other side. Third Law: You are the predator, they are the prey. Fourth law: Hunger is constant, do not let it overtake your instincts. Fifth Law: Obey the words of the king for his knowledge is endless." Scrawled in even larger letters, sometimes over the 'law' writings, is the word "MITHRAS" on pillars and walls. 
De Worde's Lair
An access hatch in the wall, hidden behind the newspaper stand, leads to de Worde's lair. The room is circular with three heights surrounding it, built in the same fashion as an auditorium or a theater. Every level has several desks with old rotary phones, stacks of paper, open drawers with folders and archives, and schedules for arrivals and departures of trains. The clear World War II atmosphere could invoke a Memoriam for Tony.
   The center of the room holds a deep, dug pit. A desk nearby houses several maps of the underground, including the tube system as it was in 1975. The red writing repeats itself on the maps, sprawling over the edges, again listing the laws of the underworld.
   Furniture, technological equipment, and posters in this control room all date back to the 1970s. However, the fluorescent light in the room is of newer date and casts a cold blue-tinted light over the entire room. As the coterie enters the room, they feel someone watching them, keeping an eye on their every move. At this point, they also gain another Hunger point, to a maximum of 4.
EXPLORING THE LAIR
The characters have some time to explore, and figure out what the room is used for. Most desks have a name tag on the top of the table, some have empty coffee mugs or tea cups, others have pen holders, hole-punchers, cups with paperclips, typewriters with half-written reports, and a few hold old desktop computers. As the characters explore, they might find: 
DRAWERS
Various drawers are filled with office supplies. Some are full of crumpled papers from reports and are completely unorganized, while others are practically empty or hold papers rotted away in the moist environment. 
  One drawer in particular holds a newspaper dating back to Monday, May the 4th, 1998. A Wits + Investigation test at Difficulty 3 lets the characters spot an article detailing a large part of the London underground threatening to close because of safety concerns. The article mentions tube travelers going missing or returning home disoriented, and similar issues with visitors taking tours of the deep level shelter tunnels. The article continues that the problem set on quite suddenly, with Londoners blaming everything from underground monsters to a gas leak. It finishes up with various authorities, including a council member, proposing to close the tunnels permanently due to these safety hazards.
RATS
A few rats are all running across the floor in the same direction. If the coterie follows the rats, they see eight of them attacking one of their own, ripping out intestines and pieces of muscle from the bone. An Intelligence + Animal Ken test at Difficulty 3 reveals several rats, including the rat the others are eating, have visible fang-marks covering its body - in an effort to maintain the rat population in his liar, de Worde tries not to kill any rats when he feeds from them.
   The coterie also notices several mini bags of chips, cookies, granola bars, and bottles of water cut in half, placed around the control center as if someone is trying to feed the rats. The food is clearly taken from vending machines around the Underground. This is also de Worde's attempt to keep the rats.
DE WORDE'S FILES
An old safe stands in the left end of the room, hidden beneath an old linen sheet. The coterie can open the safe by force, with a Strength + Athletics at Difficulty 7. It can also be opened with a Wits + Larceny test at Difficulty 5.
   Inside are brown paper folders labelled "The Heralds." When opened, several pages fall from the folder, detailing the characters' clans, their regular habits, the name of any contacts and Touchstones, feeding preferences referring to 1940, when they are usually out for the night, and several details about their pre-torpor existence as the Storyteller sees fit. The folder also holds pictures of the characters taken from hidden angles tucked away in the files, and 
   
reports from spies following the characters around. 
   The Storyteller should add their own details to the reports, but the surveillance clearly goes back to the characters' first meeting with any of the elders on their list, be it Sri Sansa, Anne Bowesley, or Gwenllian Arwyn.
   The last paper, lying on top of the others, reads:
   "Lair lies unprotected. They are weak yet not broken."
Scene Five: 
The Dagger Revealed 
Before the characters can do any more snooping, they hear a melodious voice:
   "I see you've found my home. You have to excuse the mess, it's not often I get guests around here."
   If Rea defeated any of the characters in Scene Three, de Worde now drags them along the damp ground in an unconscious state. Rea stands next to de Worde with a hand placed firmly on the character's shoulder.
   If the coterie enters undefeated and together, de Worde suddenly appears in the middle of the room, observing the characters from a distance. He smiles as soon as they notice his presence.
   As soon as the characters make eye contact with de Worde, they are pulled into another flashback.
The Sacrifice
London, 1145 
The tiled walls surrounding them suddenly transform into stonework bathed in an orange tint, the very first sign of sunlight. Torches attached to the wall with thick iron holders flicker in the last sighs of the night, and a church bell is faintly heard from the distance. Light rain is starting to fall outside the tower they are currently in. A successful Wits + Awareness test at Difficulty 5 lets the character hear a muffled scream from a boy outside the room. 
   A young girl using a stepping stool reaches up to some heavy wooden shutters to close the window letting in the sunlight. She looks over at the characters with an apologetic face, knowing she took a bit too long to close them as she fell asleep in the corner, and quickly disappears through a nearby door. 
   Shortly after, the door opens, and Mithras steps in wearing a wooden cloak of his own. He stops for a second before joining the circle, where a vampire lifts his face to reveal someone the characters instinctively know as Pater Thomas, although at this time he still went by Roger de Camden.
   Mithras holds a chalice in his left hand, and the arm of a blond boy around 13 years of age in his right. Tears roll down the boy's cheeks, although he tries to maintain a brave front as he looks around the room as much as Mithras' grasp allows him to. Although he is mostly silent, a couple of frightened moans escapes him as Mithras takes him around the circle, letting him look each vampire in the face. Mithras pushes the boy into the circle, where he sinks down on his knees with bowed head.
   Characters with Humanity above 7 have to make a Resolve + Composure test at Difficulty 6 in order not to attempt to help the boy. If they do help him, Mithras steps in and tells them to step back, explaining the boy is a part of the ritual. Another Resolve + Composure test at Difficulty 8 is required to disobey Mithras, who is like a god incarnate.   Mithras flings his cape off his shoulder in one quick motion, and steps in beside the boy in the circle:
   "I thank you for joining this ritual. This mortal has proven worthy of the Blooding by her unrelenting service to the Cult, and we show our gratitude by giving her the gift of the blood."
   The characters may roll Wits + Insight at Difficulty 5 to discern that Pater Thomas is not at all sure this ritual will work, though he does not speak up or intervene. 
   Mithras steps back for a moment, before he joins the circle of vampires, raising his palms upwards towards the ceiling and proclaiming: 
   "We baptize this mortal in the power of our own veins."
   He bids one of the characters to step forward. The Storyteller can choose which character this is, roll a D10 as before, or each player may roll a single dice against each other with the highest value stepping forward. The character feels compelled to do as Mithras commands, as if this is something they rehearsed several times, and resisting requires a Willpower roll   The characters are all gathered in a circle drawn up with rooster's blood, slowly congealing in a bucket next to the door the servant girl disappeared through. They are dressed in brown woolen cowls, each with different symbols and signs embroidered into them. Standing alongside them are other figures, unbreathing, faces shrouded in the shadows of their own cowls. A Composure + Insight at Difficulty 4 lets the characters feel the tension palpable in the room. Although every vampire present looks to be aware of their goal and individual task, their body language appears nervous or uncomfortable. "Blood  	is the TRUTH 
and the way."
at Difficulty 10. As they step forward into the circle, Mithras grabs their wrists, and draws a bronze dagger with Egyptian ornamentation from his belt before he directs it towards their arm. The character must make a Resolve + Composure at Difficulty 4 in order to not resist and withdraw their arm as the knife pierces his skin, although Mithras easily keeps their arm in place if the roll fails. 
   As fresh blood falls over the boy, Mithras takes him gently him by the hair and forces him to look up. A sudden panic overtakes the boy as the blood starts trickling onto his face, and he falls backwards as he tries to crawl away. Mithras mercilessly wraps his fingers around the boy's throat, and despite his feeble resistance, pulls him back. The boy struggles for breath, and a successful Wits + Medicine test at Difficulty 3 allows a character to determine Mithras' grip crushed the boy's trachea. The boy rolls around on the floor, desperate to breath, while looking up at the characters desperate for help. It does not take long for him to lose consciousness and finally lie completely still within the circle.
   The coterie has to make a quick decision to either feed the boy enough vitae to ensure his survival in the face of death, essentially Embracing him, or leaving him to die in the circle. No matter the outcome, Mithras will angrily kick the bucket of congealed blood, as his first attempt at the Blooding fails. As the rage of Mithras fills the room, the characters return to the present.
   






FA L L O F LO N D O N 

  	C h A P T E R 4 - W h AT h I D E S B E n E AT h
   
  Regardless of whether or not the characters agree to this trade, de Worde laughs and crosses his arms in triumph, looking at the characters while he gloats:
   "The thing is, that right there isn't my dagger. Do you think I would so carelessly give that to anyone? Especially you lot... a pack of desperate vampires out to get me? No. The dagger is somewhere in the Underworld, yes, but my kingdom is much too vast for you to have time to dig through everything. Isn't that true? Well, I bid you good luck with finding it. You never will."
   After that, de Worde - and Rea, if she's with him - fade into thin air.
   The coterie might decide to attack de Worde anytime in his monologue. He will not be easily defeated, as he is a powerful and old. De Worde will not aim to kill the characters, but may feel forced to if they go for the kill themselves. If they do defeat de Worde, they can question him. An Intelligence + Occult at Difficulty 3 reveals the dagger they currently hold lacks the thaumaturgical signature they'd expect given its ritual use, while Intelligence + Investigation at Difficulty 3 reveals it as a forgery.
The Hunt for the Dagger
The characters have several options to search for the dagger. Each approach will either have a successful or unsuccessful outcome. Before any of them can be pursued, though, at least one of the characters must escape the pit with a Strength + Athletics roll (Difficulty 5), or by noticing a path of protruding stones making a makeshift latter out of the pit with a Wits + Awareness roll (Difficulty 5). After they escape the pit, the Guardian from Scene Two attacks if the characters previously let him survive. He now fights in defense of his master and no longer flees. 
   The Storyteller should also remind the players the Blood Sorcery is still in effect and will drain the characters continuously. As such they should use their time wisely.
QUESTION DE WORDE
Forcing an answer out of De Worde, if they can catch him, will present different difficulties depending on the approach. His age grants him powerful abilities and Disciplines, rendering him incredibly strong and difficult to beat in combat. It may be possible, but the Storyteller might choose to warn the players that a physical contest against an ancient vampire may prove fatal to their characters. 
   Another option is bribing their way to information. He wants the characters to sign a contract in blood, stating they will assist in protecting de Worde if Mithras ever attacks him, which he can enforce with his Blood Sorcery. The coterie can try and socially manipulate de Worde into giving them information about the dagger's whereabouts with either a Manipulation + Intimidation test or a Charisma + Persuasion test, opposed by his Resolve + Composure.
SEEK FOR CLUES
The coterie backtracks and searches de Worde's lair. A Wits + Investigation test at Difficulty 6, or the same test extended at Difficulty 10, yields a small piece of paper tucked into a clogged pipe, with numbers scribbled all over it in de Worde's by now familiar handwriting. A successful Intelligence + Science test at Difficulty 3 reveals that the numbers are actually longitude and latitude coordinates. This will give the characters more specific directions, but they still need a successful Intelligence + Survival at Difficulty 4 in order to navigate towards the dagger. 
   They may also ask any of the other characters they met on their journey in the underground. Devin, the hunter from Scene Three, can tell the characters he once saw Rea dig up a shiny object a couple of months ago, in exchange for them revealing where de Worde's hideout. Likewise the Duskborn, Victor, or the Maintenance Surveyor have all seen a girl matching Rea's description bury something - though unlike Devin, none of them are likely to hang around the underground longer than strictly necessary. Rea herself knows, if they can convince her to tell them.
   Feral Whispers (Animalism) can convince the rats and other vermin to start sniffing and digging around for a shiny metal object nearby, though this will take quite some time and yields many shiny metallic pieces of junk in the process.
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
THE DAGGER
The dagger de Worde is desperately trying to hide is buried far beneath the train tracks on the very first layer of the underground, right at the edge of de Worde's Underworld. He buried it there because of trains zooming by on the tracks at most hours, thus reducing the chances of it being found and dug up in any occasion. The characters need a successful Strength + Athletics at Difficulty 4 to lift up part of the train track and get to the dagger.
   Picking up the dagger, the character will immediately feel their Beast calming down, and their Hunger to become less gnawing and gruesome than before. Being near the dagger automatically removes 1 Hunger point for all characters. 
   However, as they hold the dagger, de Worde's Blood Sorcery begins to boil underneath the tracks, leading to soft tremors in the ground as the Web retracts back. This poses no danger to the characters, but placing the track exactly back into position requires a Dexterity + Athletics at Difficulty 3. If the characters leave the track otherwise, the first passing train when service resumes will certainly derail.
Additional Story Hooks
The coterie has the Egyptian dagger, and is one step closer to its goal. That doesn't mean they immediately need to leave the underground - there are kingdoms down here besides de Worde's, and with the Web of Hunger gone the characters can explore at leisure.
The Corpse Cache
Whether it is a local vagrant trying to escape a hard winter, or a seasoned criminal eluding the authorities, the Tube has room for all. A keen nose might detect the slightest scent of fermenting garbage and rotting meat coming from a tunnel stemming from the main network. Should curiosity outweigh their sense of olfactory sanctity, a Kindred might follow this smell until the pungent scent of feces and viscera hits them like a wall of solid stink. It is there they are close to a heap of dismembered and lacerated corpses, all at different stages of decomposition. If the coterie chooses to investigate, they will find different notes and newspaper pages about missing people in London, and may be able to identify some of the fresher corpses as those missing persons. This is a serial killer's layer.
Feral Attack
Animals in the London Underground commonly flee at the sight of anything walking on two legs. However, man's best friend has found strength in others of their kind and now seeks to set itself at the top of the underground food chain. A small whimpering dog cries out into the tunnels in the hopes it reaches the ears of someone with any shred of empathy left within their heart, or the pain of hunger grumbling within their belly. It hops around carrying one paw high in front of its body in the hopes any onlookers will approach it. It does not matter if this is someone looking to help the dog, or something seeking to eat it: the end result is the same. Whoever or whatever approaches it has fallen directly into a trap, as they are beset on all sides by the rest of the faking fleabag's sizable pack of feral dogs.
Hall of the Disregarded 
Driven far from where they once called home, Duskborn from all over London have heard rumors of a safe haven below the earth. Governed not by generation, election, or strength of any single member, this pseudo-society follows no one, has no agenda outside of survival, and cares about one thing only: blood. Be it acquired from the back of a rat, stolen from a surface-dwelling mortal, or even leeched from the belly of another vampire, these Duskborn stop at nothing to quell the hunger for their crimson addiction. 
The Living Labyrinth
The sounds of shifting stone is the cracking of its knuckles. A sudden draft coming from deep within the tube is its yawning breath. Some say the tunnels below London are alive. They say the tunnels are waking up for the first time, and they are young, hungry, and confused. Of course, these are just rumors and old men's tales. Such a notion is almost as ridiculous as vampires lurking among mortals.
   
  	C h A P T E R 4 - W h AT h I D E S B E n E AT h
Moorgate Ghost Train
Although the London Underground claims it has 300 million journeys for every fatal accident, this means little to the victims and eternal passengers of the infamous Moorgate Tube Crash of 1975. A ghoul's breath runs cold enough to fog the air in front of them, should they find themselves on the tracks of the Northern Line at 8:46am. A sudden, spectral locomotive races to meet a destination never to be realized. The sheer level of emotional angst can unnerve even the most steeled kindred, as 43 souls race past in the blink of an eye, each one of them feasting on the emotions and sentiments of those they pass. 
Aftermath
   
¦ Alice may roll Intelligence + Occult at Difficulty 
   
5 in an attempt to understand the thaumaturgy running through the underground. Success, even after the Web retreated, reveals both the Web of Hunger's workings, and that her ring served to counter the effect. This information should prove invaluable to Clan Nosferatu, as its members have been struggling to keep their hunger at bay too - Richard had no regard for any clan mates crossing his territory when he cast his spell.¦ If the characters reveal this later, the Storyteller should forego all further checks and boons to gain information from Clan Nosferatu - for the duration of this scenario, the clan is in their debt.¦ If they saved the Duskborn in Scene Three, Janus and Mattias can introduce them to Najma in Family Affairs if they seek Sri Sansa next.¦ If the characters seek Queen Anne next, her party in Sunset of Flames starts the following night.¦ If they saved Victor, his sire Sanaya Gadhi can arrange a meeting with Regina Blake in Red Lists and Red Caps.¦ If the characters met with Gabriella and accepted her phone number, the enterprising Nosferatu can point them to Southall in Family Affairs, or Daria in Red Lists and Red Caps.
   

   

   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
Storyteller Goals
This chapter deals with making bargains. They bargain with Daria to find Blake, and Blake to find Arwyn, and then Arwyn to gain the cap. Most of these bargains, if made in good faith, hold true. The chapter also contrasts bargains gone bad - between Mithras and Arwyn in particular. Kindred society relies on tit for tat, with a knife slipped in if the vampire can get away with it. Nothing is ever free.
   If the characters have suspicions about their flashbacks being fake, or if the group nears the end of the scenario, the Storyteller can use Arwyn to reveal their true history. The Storyteller should also use her to sow doubts about Mithras' return - he would be like a God restored to the world, which rarely spells well for the lesser creatures involved. 
Threat Level
At Threat Level 1-2 this chapter proceeds as written. 
   At Threat Level 3+ the Storyteller should run Spider in a Web to represent the rising Operation Antigen threat. This also allows the Storyteller to introduce Antigen agents later returning in The Hunters' Ball in Scene 5.
   At Threat Level 4-5, or at any Threat Level if the group has already run Sunset of Flames, Queen Anne decrees meeting in large numbers is no longer safe and bans Elysium. The coterie receives either a text or a messenger from Lady Scarlett, after which communication with the Prince's office goes dark. 
SPIDER IN A WEB A Kindred from a previous chapter contacts the coterie - Ayse Demir or Najma Elmi from Family Matters, Gabriella from What Hides Beneath, or Adisa, Caleb, and Natasha from Sunset of Flames all work well. Operation Antigen found their Haven, leaving the vampires trapped inside. They worry the agents will attack come dawn, and beg the coterie to free them either by distracting the agents or smuggling the Kindred past them. 
   If the coterie abandons the Kindred to their fate, they never return from where Antigen takes them. The Storyteller decides if that's the end of it, or if the contact gives up valuable information that comes to bite the coterie later, possibly by revealing their identity to the agents later returning in The Hunter's Ball in Scene 5. If the characters agrees to rescue their ally, they must either deliberately draw the agents' attention or sneak past them to get their contact out of the compromised haven. 
   The Storyteller can use Spider in a Web to lead to Scene Two, kicking off a game of cat and mouse with Antigen as the coterie flees through a dark maze of alleys. Just as they give the agents the slip, they run straight into Chun's trap. 
Scene One: I Know a Gal
The characters know Arwyn holds the Phrygian Cap, but as prospective Anathema she's hard to find. Asking other Kindred, a Charisma + Investigation roll at Difficulty 4 reveals 'Daria, at the Mortlake theatre' might know where the Brujah is. The characters must be careful whom they ask, though, as a botched roll has the subject believe the coterie seeks Arwyn for nefarious purposes, such as joining or swearing allegiance to her. If the roll fails, a vampire still offers the information, but demands a Boon in exchange. Even if the characters get their answer, however, other Kindred definitely remember they asked about a prospective Anathema. While this is not of immediate consequence (unless they asked one of the Sheriffs), the Storyteller should make a note so it can come back to haunt them later.
Mortlake Theatre: Where the Walls Have Ears
Daria haunts the Mortlake Theatre in West Brompton, a 150 seat venue 
   
  	C h A P T E R 5 - R E D L I STS & R E D C A P S
   
located above the pub that shares its name. The theatre specializes in obscure plays which leave critics alternatively dazzled and confused. The building is visibly lit, yet shadows perpetually cling to it. Even on nights when the theatre is near empty, or rather especially when the theatre is near empty, the audience clusters together as if seeking refuge together as the lights dim. Mice occasionally scurry along the hallways, cleverly staying out of sight between carpet and wall. Tickets are Ł20, or Ł10 for students, as Daria finds them tastier snacks. The theatre has a full programme of shows and rehearsals for most evenings, so unless they are looking to feed, the characters had best approach as the show ends. They can mingle with the audience going down to the bar and slip up into the theatre as the crew close it down.
   The Mortlake Theatre is easy to find, maintaining an up-to-date website including a handy map. Daria herself, however, is better hidden. The characters have the distinct sensation of being watched from the moment they enter the theatre, yet no amount of tests under Difficulty 6 reveal the Nosferatu. If they do spot Daria hiding in the walls with a Wits + Awareness roll, or find an entrance into the crawl spaces with an Intelligence + Investigation roll, the Nosferatu is utterly surprised. All opposed tests against Daria gain 2 bonus dice during this scene, as the coterie threw her so badly off balance. 
   If the coterie does not spot Daria, she hides in the theatre's hollow walls and watches them through the eyes of mice. After the coterie has fruitlessly searched for her for a while, she finally whispers to them: "I see you. What do you desire?"
   Daria refuses to leave the walls, even if the characters discern she's in there. Any conversation with her effectively ends up as the characters standing in a room or hallway talking to the wall, so they'd do well to find an unobserved spot. The first unoccupied room they find at most times of the evening is an old costume store with intricate handmade costumes on mannequins with burned faces.
   The Nosferatu is straightforward in negotiations. She can tell the coterie where Arwyn is, if they poach upcoming young actor called Sheena McDarron for the newly minted Mortlake Theatre Company. Daria is clearly obsessed with the actor, talking at length about McDarron's acting talent and the soft skin of her face. A Wits + Insight roll opposed by Manipulation + Subterfuge reveals the Nosferatu's obsession probably isn't dangerous in the physical sense, but she'll never let McDarron go again.
   The coterie can agree to the bargain, offering to fetch McDarron now, without need for a roll. The characters can also offer to poach McDarron after they meet with Arwyn, requiring a social roll opposed by Daria's Resolve + Intimidation. They can also threaten to tear down the walls and beat Daria, or to burn the entire theatre down - prompting Daria to reveal Arwyn's presence at the British Museum, and promptly calling the elder Brujah once the coterie leaves.
TO CATCH AN ACTOR
If the characters accepted Daria's bargain, they need to entice Sheena McDarron away from the London Double Theatre Company where she currently works. 
Even if Daria agrees to wait until after they meet with Arwyn, the Nosferatu takes that literally - their next stop after the British Museum had better be the London Double Theatre Company. Any delays earn Daria's ire and resistance in future deals.
   Sheena McDarron is clearly a mainstay at the London Double Theatre Company. The pictures from past productions in the foyer feature her in several leading roles. The young woman is quite lovely, with green eyes and strawberry blonde hair, and - if the coterie visits one of her plays - is an excellent actor.
   The characters can follow McDarron home and observe her for a few nights, allowing a Difficulty 3 Wits + Occult roll to determine she shows no signs of thralldom. This also uncovers Sheena has a girlfriend, two cats, a brother, a newborn niece whom she dotes on, and that she dreams of playing a role in a West End theatre. 
   Vampires have several ways to sway McDarron to the Mortlake Theatre Company, Dominate and Presence being the easiest. Otherwise a more protracted chronicle can either make the Mortlake highly desirable to McDarron, or simply sabotage her career and let Daria pick up the pieces. The latter is certainly quicker - all it takes is digging up (or faking) one scandalous tweet or past indiscretion. This also sees McDarron, now with few options, tied more firmly to Mortlake and unwittingly earns extra approval from Daria.
   






  	C h A P T E R 5 - R E D L I STS & R E D C A P S
   
called Arwyn to warn her how hostile and violent the characters are. In this case, Chun brings two ghouls in addition to gangsters.
   Chun Hei does not know Tony, despite them both being of Arwyn's lineage. Both of them were embraced in such tumultuous circumstances that Arwyn never bothered with introductions.
   Chun doesn't join the first round of combat, instead observing the coterie before attacking the physically weakest character in the second round. Spotting her requires a Wits + Awareness opposed by Dexterity + Stealth, or else Chun too launches a surprise attack.
   Chun Hei plans to grapple her target in a Strength + Brawl contest, and drag them into the slaughterhouse. If she succeeds, the gangsters quickly disperse - their mission was to provide a distraction, rather than harm the coterie. The characters can give chase to capture one of the mortals for interrogation.
   Following Chun through the slaughter house's maze-like corridors requires a Wits + Awareness roll at Difficulty 4. If the coterie loses her, Chun drags the grappled character into a secret passage under the floors. If the coterie captured one of the gangsters or ghouls, they only reveal the secret passage under duress at a Difficulty 5 Manipulation + Intimidation roll.
   As several things may unfold at once - Chun dragging a lone coterie member down for questioning, while the others pursue her gangsters - the Storyteller should keep careful track of time. Letting each group take a single round of actions before switching helps. In this case, it takes Chun one round to enter the warehouse, another to enter the secret passage, and a third to reach the butcher's abattoir.
Conversation with Chun Hei: The Butcher's Abattoir
Chun drags a lone character to a room under the abattoir. The air is thick with the scent of cattle blood, with a faint whiff of something altogether sweeter. The butcher crew above cuts all manner of meats upon request, including the one usually taboo.
   The Brujah throws the character into one of two steel chairs sitting in the center of the room. Lone droplets of blood still fall from the grate in the ceiling. 
Three sealed metal vats stand in one corner, containing remains of the butchers' illicit cuts. A bare light bulb overhead casts the only illumination. Chun sits down in the second chair.
   During this conversation, Chun uses Charisma + Intimidation to get answers: who are the characters, what do they want with Arwyn, and what is their end goal? Any lies require a Manipulation + Subterfuge roll opposed by Resolve + Insight. Chun breaks one bone for any lie she catches the character in, though the unbound character can certainly fight back.
Conversation with Chun Hei: On Equal Terms
Chun Hei's plan need not succeed. The coterie may catch her as she flees into the slaughterhouse, or beat a captured gangster to reveal where she is. The characters might even stop the violence right when it happens if recognize the attack for what it is: an attempt to distract and subdue, rather than kill them - which means Chun wants to talk. The latter requires a social roll opposed by Chun's Resolve + Insight. The coterie receives a +1 bonus die to this roll if they favorably impressed Chun at Queen Anne's party in Sunset of Flames.
   In the latter case, the Brujah suggests talking in the meat packing plant away from accidental witnesses. She takes them through a series of hallways, until they enter an office. The overhead neon light flickers in an erratic pattern. The room, peculiarly for an office, holds neither telephone nor computer. 
   Chun Hei sits down in room's only chair, behind a metal desk. She demands to know who the characters are, what they want with Arwyn, and what their end goal is. Telling lies requires Manipulation + Subterfuge roll opposed by Resolve + Insight. The Brujah visibly twitches at every lie she catches. 
"Tell me lies,  
and YOU'LL lie
in the DIRT!"
- Chun Hei
   


  
Opportunity Comes Knocking
If Chun is satisfied that the coterie only wants to meet with Arwyn, - and not arrest her - a foolish proposition, she scoffs, but one the Camarilla occasionally tries - she offers the characters an opportunity. A team of Antigen agents has Gwenllian Arwyn surrounded in one of her Havens, and the elder cannot safely leave. While she is unharmed and well fed, the lack of freedom chafes her. 
  Chun Hei will reveal where Arwyn is and arranges for a peaceful meeting if the coterie promises to free her. Admittedly the coterie already knows Arwyn is in the British Museum, but Chun doesn't know this and a peaceful encounter with an elder Brujah is surely a great advantage.
   If the coterie doesn't concede to these terms, Chun Hei leaves. If the coterie agrees but lies, Chun flies into an anger Frenzy and attacks. Both of these cut off their avenue of meeting Arwyn peacefully.
   However, if the coterie agrees, Chun Hei confirms Arwyn is in the British Museum. Antigen agents suspect the museum, which served as Elysium, holds vampiric activity and keep it under watch. Arwyn is exceedingly powerful, Chun says, but she prefers not to leave in a rain of blood, and lacks the right contacts to leave discreetly. If the characters can get into the museum however, surely they can also leave and take the Brujah elder with them. In exchange, Chun sets up a meeting between the coterie and Arwyn.


C h A P T E R 5 - R E D L I STS & R E D C A P S
Scene Three: Making Deals
The characters know to find Arwyn at the British 
Museum, and they may even have a meeting scheduled, but they still need a way inside. Regina Blake is the right vampire for the job. Blake serves as London's Keeper of Elysium, though Queen Anne leaves her little to do - if the Threat Level is 3 or lower, the Prince is slowly relegating Blake's Keeper duties to Lady Scarlett, while a Threat Level of 4+ sees all Elysia shutdown. She is too emotionally invested in her mortal contacts to simply abandon them, though, and thus retains all of them despite the risk of discovery. She knows someone who can smuggle illicit visitors into the British Museum. That is the good news.
  The bad news is that Blake is imminently wary of anything to do with Mithras, after she was swept up in his schemes as a neonate. She knows Gwenllian Arwyn is trapped inside the Museum, and deliberately makes no effort to free her. It makes no difference whether the coterie wants to revive or destroy Mithras, Blake wants no part of it. Fortunately for them, Blake is in a bit of a tight spot herself.
Finding Blake
The coterie has a few ways to learn Blake is the person to ask about getting into the British Museum. Darius Shirazi from A Dark and Stormy Night has museum contacts similar to Blake's and can arrange a meeting. If Chun Hei arranged a meeting for them in Scene 2, the 
Brujah tells them to ask Blake - but also warns that the Toreador previously refused to aid Arwyn. If the coterie did not get a meeting from Chun Hei, but did favorably impress Daria, the Nosferatu telephones them: she did some follow-up research, and Regina Blake is their way into the Museum. If they alienated Shirazi, Chun, and Daria, the characters are on their own. Another Charisma + Investigation roll at Difficulty 3 leads them to Regina, but this means more legwork and thus more risk of running into Antigen agents.
   The coterie can find Blake, in the face of all danger, hosting an unsanctioned Elysium in The Trunk nightclub, with quite a few Kindred relying on it for blood and shelter.



   


  
   
to match the penis mural in the 
   
THe TRUnK
Located in the Soho area, this basement club hosts drag parties, spoken word events, and genre-spanning parties. Its LgBTQ+ audience is creative and fashion-forward, dressing in anything from home-crafted latex catsuits to a glittery top and cut-off shorts. The club is famous for the large purple penis mural in the bathrooms, which serves as the background for many a selfie and is one of the few spots in The Trunk to allow cameras.
   Mortal Activities: Tonight The Trunk hosts a drag competition, featuring the best queens from the greater London area. They audience grinds hips as the stage performers sing and twirl. People laugh at the jokes, while a few peel off to the bathroom for a more intimate rendez-vous.
   Tomorrow the club hosts a post-apocalyptic themed kink party. The night after, a barefooted ecstatic dance event. The Trunk is all about creating experiences and connections, stripping away taboos and the mundane so people can truly be themselves.
   Dominant Vampires: Regina blake controls The Trunk, both as Kindred domain and as legal owner. She even personally approves all themed evenings, and holds office in a backroom.
   Kindred Activities: blake uses The Trunk as private domain for herself and select allies, and impromptu elysium as she feels like it. Despite her demeanor as perfect hostess, blake constantly weighs the need for access against the risk of alerting antigen agents. Currently, she believes the club remains undetected. In addition to offering mortal vessels, The Trunk is a camera-free zone save the bathroom mural, and hosts a number of secure landlines.
skinned woman, Tianna Palmer, 	do not shirk my duties." Feeding stands just behind Blake and 	at The Trunk requires no roll for watches the coterie like a hawk. 	Lady Catherine as Siren, though 
   Unless the characters take she might want to use one of the efforts to sneak around, Blake spots bathroom stalls.
them and she waves them over. 	If the characters indicate they Blake recognizes the characters 	want to talk to Blake about senfrom 1940, a fact she doesn't bother 	sitive matters, she frowns ever so hiding, though - staying as far from 	briefly before disentangling herself the Mithraic Mysteries as she can - 	and rising: "Let's talk in my office." she can tell them no more than that 	Blake's office looks very much they were part of Mithras' cult.	like a regular office, with a desk 
   "Welcome friends and drink," 	and chairs, laptop and Rolodex. It the Keeper of Elysium says, "for I 	also holds a giant mural of a vagina bathroom, and a rather large dildo in a display case.
A RELUCTANT AGREEMENT
Blake's immediate reaction to any question involving Mithras is "No." However, a Wits + Insight opposed Manipulation + Subterfuge reveals a slight hesitation. If the characters press for a deal, or ask what Blake wants rather than discuss what they want, Blake replies: "The police took my Trenton. I'm frightfully worried for him, but I lack connections with the station. Nor dare I go in person and abandon my duties here." If the characters already revealed they need access to the British Museum, Blake adds: "Trenton knows the way into the museum, so our goals align here. I shall take that as a good omen. If you free him, he will accompany you there."
   If the coterie agrees to free Trenton, Blake directs them to the Bishopsgate Police Station, which is open 24 hours. She also gives them a locket from around her neck to give to Trenton "so he knows to take you to the Museum, but he must immediately return to me once you're inside." If the coterie struck a positive note with Blake, she kindly informs them to bring a change of clothes - "something nice" - to the Museum, but she conveniently forgets to mention this if they annoyed her.
   Blake doesn't waste words on threats, but if Trenton dies in Scene 4, be it at the coterie's hands or anyone else's, they make a deadly enemy of her. 
   
Scene Four: Into the Depths
The coterie must first release Trenton from the police, after which he guides them through the underground to the British Museum.
Bishopsgate Police Station
The police arrested Trenton on drunken disorderly charges and possession of narcotics, but they are determined to teach him a lesson after he resisted arrest and broke one policeman's jaw. The police held Trenton for three nights and counting, and 'lost' both the paperwork to process him - which would likely lead to time served and a fine - and the bail paperwork after Blake sent someone down with cash. They don't harm him, but Trenton gets increasingly agitated each night he's way from Regina.
  The coterie has several options to free Trenton. The easiest are again Dominate or Presence. Failing that, they can try Charisma or Manipulation + Persuasion. The Difficulty is 5, but every Resources dot will reduce the difficulty by 1 (to a minimum of 2). The coterie can try Charisma + Intimidation at Difficulty 6, but failure brings the police force down around them.
   If the coterie fails at talking Trenton out of jail, they can always try sneaking in (Obfuscate helps) and stealing the key to his cell. That renders Trenton as escaped from custody, but fulfills their agreement with Blake. 
   If the characters go the extra mile and erase Trenton's arrest record, Regina grants them a Boon for their generosity.
The Underground
Trenton takes the coterie to the British Museum upon seeing Regina's locket. The first leg of the journey is above ground and on foot. This is by no means a necessity - they could certainly take the Tube or a black cab - but Trenton relishes the open sky after being locked in. This gives the coterie a chance to observe him, and a Difficulty 3 Wits + Insight test reveals he's skittish and his hands are shaking. It's been a while since the ghoul drank from Regina, and he needs his fix. The characters 


full blood bond. He approaches the characters from the other side of an iron grate.
   "Hey, hey! Come over here for a sec," he begs, "You got the good stuff for me? I can pay."
   Z can hand over money as he got early stocks in a tech company that since went global, Boons, and information. If the coterie wants information, the Storyteller can simply decide if Z knows something, or make a Difficulty 4 test with 7 dice for most questions and 8 dice for anything tech or finance related. If they ask about Richard de Worde, he can point them to the abandoned station in Scene Two in What Lies Beneath.
   As a regular of the underground, Z also knows if the characters are about to run into Get the Fuck Out and The Blockade, detailed below, and can offer this information as payment. The Storyteller decides if this allows the coterie to take a different route and skip the encounter entirely, or if it merely lets them prepare for it. 
  The openings in the grate are large enough to stick an arm through, and Z drinks hastily before fleeing into the tunnels. He won't drink from this coterie member again, but the others can strike a second bargain with him at later nights.
URBAN EXPLORERS
The abandoned tunnels and metro stations are closed to the public, yet urban explorers continually defy authorities and explore the darkness. The coterie comes across a group of three teenagers, wielding torches and video phones. Down here, no one will hear them scream and any of the disused nooks and crannies could hide a corpse for weeks or months.
GET THE FUCK OUT
If the group previously ran What Lies Beneath, they now come across a coterie of angry Nosferatu - de Worde, if he survived, sent them, or alternately they're looking to avenge their erstwhile master. 
   The Nosferatu plan their ambush in an abandoned maintenance tunnel. The only light comes from a sparking cable overhead. A pile of concrete railway sleepers sits next to the track, and a metal vat holds coils of unused cable. The walls are marked in graffiti, 
   
the phrase OBEY THE LAWS repeating over and over.
   The characters see one Nosferatu and two hunched ghouls, though the shadows further in the tunnel are too thick for comfort. Sense the Unseen (Auspex) lets them see two more Nosferatu, and something that's either a very toothy dog or a very large rat.
   One Nosferatu sidles closer and throws a ring at Trenton's feet. The ghoul visibly flinches - the ring is Regina's, and refusing it signals a suspension of their agreement. He carefully steps aside to let the coterie do the talking. 
   "Made a mess of things you did." the Nosferatu hisses through a broken mouth. "You deserve a good beating. Unless you want to come to terms?" If the coterie pissed off so many vampires they have to ask what this is about, the Nosferatu smiles his rotting gums wide and answers "de Worde sends his regards."
   The characters can try to talk their way out, or use Dominate or Presence. The characters can also 'come to terms', which means buying off the infraction through a combination of immediate payment (cash, jewelry, new technological gadgets, and vitae are all acceptable, and the Nosferatu also accept money transfers) and Boons to be called on later.
   If none of that works, the Nosferatu attack with the intention of roughing the characters up. They flee into the tunnels if they fight goes badly for them. Trenton remains firmly on the sideline - this is not his fight.
THE BLOCKADE
Antigen agents (see p.23 for statistics) hunt for vampires in the underground, and they've effectively set up a blockade here. Trenton knows no way around and the characters must pass through, unless Z from The Blood Bank gave them an alternative route. The coterie can attack the five agents, but their first response is to call in back-up which complicates the coterie's return route. Sneaking through unseen, using Obfuscate, or making the agents forget the encounter with Forgetful Mind is more judicious.
Scene Five: 
Night at the 
Museum
Trenton finally takes the coterie into the abandoned British Museum tube station. Rats scurry about watching the coterie warily, and more graffiti marks the walls. The ghoul leads them to a pile of foul-smelling trash bags, which are glued together to hide a dug tunnel leading to a metal trapdoor with number pad above. Trenton types in a number behind his hand, but Wits + Awareness at Difficulty 4 lets characters see it's 1839144. He delivers the coterie to a boiler room in the British Museum, then prepares to leave as he came.
   If coterie asks Trenton where to find Arwyn, he shrugs to indicate he doesn't know. He's never even met Arwyn as she, a Kindred of high stature, never needed smuggling in. He's willing to venture a guess though, and suggests either the Roman Britain exhibition in the Weston Gallery, or Roman Empire exhibition in the Wolfson Gallery. The latter holds the Phrygian cap, if the coterie knows what they're looking for.
   Beyond the boiler room lies a series of hallways, offices with one curator still at work late, and broom closets. One door opens to a changing room replete with shower, which Blake offers to Kindred who want to freshen up after trekking through the underground. It doesn't have a change of clothes though.
   The coterie hears the telltale sound of laughter, conversation, and clinking glasses as they enter the museum's public space. The museum is hosting a party to celebrate the opening of a temporary exhibit on Victorian jewelry. The event consists of private tours, a lecture on new dig sites and restoration projects, and drinks and finger food in the Great Court.
Characters can blend in with 
Charisma + Etiquette at Difficulty 3. This roll takes a -1 penalty dice if they're still wearing their underground clothes but did use Blake's bathroom to freshen up, or a -2 penalty dice if they're completely unwashed. They can also impersonate catering staff with a Manipulation + Subterfuge at Difficulty 3, and the Court Café has several black aprons which lend +1 bonus die to this roll. Simply sneaking past the museum's Syndexioi Ltd security personnel requires Dexterity + Stealth at Difficulty 4. Lastly, the coterie can return to the boiler room and wait until the event ends.
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
THe bRITIsH MUseUM
The British Museum sits in the Bloomsbury area of London. A public institution dedicated to human history, art, and culture, it hosts both permanent and temporary exhibitions. The British Museum also funds educational programs and archaeological field research.
   The british Museum is a tourist staple, consistently making the list of Top Ten Places to Visit in london - or even the Top Three. Cultural activists have recently honed in on the british Museum, however, questioning its long history of looting artifacts from other cultures. The Parthenon Marbles are an especial source of contention since Greece's bankruptcy, as returning the statues to greece - or even leasing them at a proper rate - could bolster the greek economy.
   Mortal Activities: The museum hosts an evening for friends of the british Museum, from small donors to the london elite. The party is black tie and the kine dresses in their finery, but the Museum's stable of small donors and working aficionados stops the event from being overly posh. several rooms see professors giving lectures, with the main draw being a discussion panel about saving archaeological artifacts and sites in the currently war-torn Middle east. Guides take small groups of mortals into the british Museum to visit the various exhibits.
   Dominant Vampire: Queen anne declared the british Museum a neutral space, though she allowed Regina blake to host elysium here. behind the scenes, however, agents of Gwenllian arwyn control the british Museum.
   Kindred Activities: The british Museum previously served as Elysium, but attention from operation antigen sees it empty of Kindred save Gwenllian arwyn, who remains as the suseum still hosts Mithras' Phrygian cap in its Roman Empire exhibit. Arwyn cannot remove the cap without drawing undue attention, nor does she have a quick means of escape. she uses earth Meld to sleep in the floor in the Roman Britain exhibit, feeding on the occasional night janitor or professor working late.
   Notable Features: operation antigen caught on to vampire activity in the Museum, though not yet on arwyn personally. They erected a discreet siege around the building, performing heat scans on anyone leaving or entering. The agents tag and track anyone not clearly human, working with london police to arrest them for 'questioning.'
   
EXCELLENT CATERING
The characters have several opportunities to feed at the event. Lady Catherine, the Siren, has it easiest, assuming the characters freshened up. A haggard-looking mom fell asleep on a bench in a quiet corner, her two children playing nearby, to offer a target for Dr Banerjee as Sandman.
   One guest comments how much Alice looks like an old stele of 'Mithras' Handmaiden'. Getting rid of this mortal politely requires a Charisma + Etiquette roll at Difficulty 4, though Alice can also use the opportunity to feed on him.
   Tommy can pull one of the guests or hosting staff into a supply room, indulging his Alleycat instincts to feed. Even Tony, the Bagger, can lure a mortal away from the party and coax them into dripping blood into a cup under the guise of a blood fetish, although this requires a Charisma or Manipulation + Persuasion or Subterfuge at Difficulty 4.
   Note that, even though each character has a Predator type, all characters can feed from any other kind of victim if necessity arises.
THE HUNTERS' BALL
Operation Antigen suspects a vampire is in the British Museum, and has the building under watch. Antigen agents (see p.23 for stats) attend the party undercover, hoping the vampire will show itself with so much prey about after dark. Ironically, they passed Arwyn twice already, not discerning her nature. 
   

   
THE WOLFSON GALLERY:  
ROMAN EMPIRE AND THE PHRYGIAN CAP
If the coterie visited the Roman Empire gallery first, they see the Phrygian cap on display  in a locked, environment-controlled glass case. They have a moment to examine it, and may even discover the iris scanner, which is not standard for the British Museum, as Arwyn arranged for it to be installed. Before the coterie can do anything else, though, the Storyteller should move to the first flashback in Scene 6.
Scene Six: The Mithraeum
This scene consists of three flashback encounters designed to let the coterie experience Mithras' all-consuming power. The methuselah was already ancient when London was just a speck on a Roman map - which should give the characters pause what he would be like some 1700 years later in 2010 CE.
Flashback 1: Arcadius Augustus Observes
The coterie finds itself in Londinium, 240 CE, a small piece of Rome in the uncivilized British lands. Kindred faithful work to erect the Mithraeum in honor 
   
ThE PhRygIAn CAP
Gwenllian arwyn hid her artifact in the british Museum. Hiding it in plain sight seemed a smart ploy when Arwyn firmly controlled the Museum. The Brujah elder also derived a great deal of wicked joy from seeing Regina Blake, so desperate to be free of Mithras, near Mithras' prize possession at every elysium. operation antigen's crackdown on the Museum however trapped both Arwyn and the cap inside, and rendered her little joke quite bitter. 
   The Phrygian cap is of a rusted red color and unadorned. The information card on the display dates the cap to Rome in the first century bCe. The card also mentions the red caps originally hailed from Phrygia and Anatolia, now in Turkey, but rose to fashion again in Rome as symbol of freed slaves. Its excellently preserved condition renders the cap, one of the oldest Roman specimen, as an item of great historical value.
a sliding panel to the side of the display, re-
quiring Wits + Awareness at Difficulty 4 to find, hides an iris scanner keyed to arwyn herself.
of their God.
   The coterie experience this encounter through the eyes of Arcadius Augustus, the architect of the Mithraeum's. Arcadius is childe of Marcus Verus and grandchilde of Mithras. He too was present at their Blooding, though he did not remain in London to the present day. Seeing either the Roman artifacts or the Phrygian cap, though, brings his memories to the surface now. 
   The characters' minds reinterpret Augustus' single view as multiple Kindred following the same encounter, but the Storyteller should drop hints something is off. The Storyteller could have them switch places midscene or even mid-conversation. If the players catch on and call the Storyteller out "hey, wasn't I walking in front / talking to Verus?" the Storyteller simply confirms "you were - and so is she."
   The Mithraeum consists of two main levels. A windowless vaulted building above ground allows kine to worship Mithras. The temple is long and narrow, with low walls separating the central space from two side passages. The builders began construction at the back, where a currently empty apse waits to receive a mural to Mithras, and are working their way to the front which holds the only door. The apse reveals a passage down, which the mural will hide once it's in place.
   The encounter opens with Augustus overseeing a group of builders, inspecting their masonry and discussing the progress.
MY BLOOD
Marcus Verus approaches the characters. A Roman legionnaire Embraced as Ventrue, Verus exudes authority and power even at a mere five decades in age - of course, the potent vitae coursing through his veins helps too. Augustus loves Verus as a brother, lover, and sire alike, and the characters all feel a variation of these emotions. 
   Verus asks how the work goes, but it takes the characters a few moments to process the words. They sound like gibberish at first, until the characters realize Verus is speaking Latin - which they suddenly remember they do too. If the players want to know the "right" answer to Verus' question, an Intelligence + Craft roll at Difficulty 3 reveals the mortal temple progresses excellently, but the underground temple suffers from shifting rock. The coterie can answer whatever they like though - and that will be the answer the historical Augustus gave.
   Verus then asks Augustus for a viewing of the underground Mithraeum.
   The underground Mithraeum consists of a second temple mirroring the one above with a stone throne before the apse. Thick, wooden support posts keep the ceiling up, yet even so the mortal work crew struggles as pieces of rock continually fall down. Verus asks how Augustus is handling this problem, to which the characters can again reply anything. The "right" answer is the vaulted design, once it's bricked, is strong enough to hold up the ceiling, but they might sustain some casualties before then.
   If Verus likes the characters' answers - any variation of "yes, we have problems but I am handling them" - he invites them to join him in worship of the Sun. If they did not impress Verus, he instead dismisses them back upstairs, but Dexterity + Stealth at Difficulty 4 lets them follow. Either way, the encounter moves to the next scene.
THE SUN ECLIPSES EVERYTHING
The flashback jumps slightly. The characters still find themselves in the Kindred Mithraeum, but now a God sits atop the stone throne. The characters struggle to remember the God's name is Mithras, but he is so potent no mere name can contain him. 
It's impossible to see the physical form of Mithras, as he radiates power and light in blinding brightness - an Amalgam the methuselah developed centuries ago. The characters feel an overwhelming urge to kneel, and beg for forgiveness for sullying the God with their lowly presence. The players may roll Willpower at Difficulty 5 to resist this urge, or they can follow Verus' lead as he immediately kneels. They may also roll Wits + Awareness a Difficulty 5 to spot an opening to another hidden passage in the apse behind the throne.
"Come forward, my son," the Sun acknowledges 
Verus, and the characters feel deeply disappointed the God does not acknowledge them too. Mithras asks Verus about the work to the Mithraeum and while Verus takes most of the credit, he does praise the characters for their dutiful oversight. Now Mithras finally gestures the characters to come forward and kiss his ring - the same Sri Sansa holds in Family Matters. Being this close to Mithras is an ecstatic experience, akin to feeding, and the characters feel the Sun's warmth without the usual sense of panic.
   If the characters disappointed Verus in the previous scene however, they are not supposed to be down here and he does not praise them. The Storyteller should describe an overwhelming desire to crawl forward and beg the God's forgiveness, as well as a weeping despair they disappointed him. If the players point out that's not a reaction their characters would have, the Storyteller can again confirm - these are Augustus' reactions made worse by Mithras' use of Presence. The Storyteller should still allow a Wits + Awareness at Difficulty 4 to see the ring which Verus kisses instead, so they may link it to Sri Sansa.
THE ARTIFACT
Mithras dismisses the characters from his presence (if they were invited down), but they can hide around the corner with a Dexterity + Stealth roll at Difficulty 4. They observe as Mithras pulls forth a weathered-looking Phrygian cap. It nearly matches the red cap, adorned with a golden sunburst, which Mithras currently wears, except this cap is plain with a rustred color.
   

   

   
Flashback 2: A Need for Sky
The characters stand at the bank of the Walbrook river. The sun overhead shines down brightly. The Storyteller should let the characters panic and scramble for cover, before letting them realize they're fine - they're Briton kine. This flashback draws from memories of Augustus, Arwyn, and Valerius, and with so many older minds abound, the characters' psyche reinterprets the event with themselves as mortals.
  Behind them lies the Mithraeum, still mid-build but further ahead than in their previous flashback. If they want to find the location of the Mithraeum back in 2012, Intelligence + Streetwise at Difficulty 4 lets them realize the Walbrook street and city ward now cover the river. 
  The characters can take some time to walk around. The Storyteller should emphasize the beautiful blue sky and shining sun - and mention that now, as they make the comparison freshly, they realize Mithras's light is a pale imitation of the real thing. Bleed over from Arcadius Augustus Observes makes this thought heretical, though, and they must make a 
Willpower roll at Difficulty 5 if they want to hold onto it.
OPTION 1: SERVE MITHRAS
An overseer named Julius orders the characters back to work, and they obey. The above ground Mithraeum is now completed. The windowless space is damp and claustrophobic like a cave, and the workers need torches to see. The far side holds a relief of Mithras slaying the Bull, which swings to the side to reveal a passage down.
  The characters descend to the underground Mithraeum. The cavernous room is half-finished - bricks keep the first part of the vaulted ceiling aloft, but the second part still relies on wooden support poles. The characters can talk to other workers, quickly learning most of them are Briton slaves to the Romans. Arcadius Augustus treats them reasonably well, allowing them to remain with their families and granting one day off every fortnight to tend their own affairs. They remain slaves, however - a dehumanizing atrocity no person should ever find themselves in - and the Storyteller must be sensitive when handling this. The other workers also tell them Arcadius inspects the work at night, which is certainly an oddity. Charisma + Persuasion at Difficulty 3 coaxes the kine to talk about a terrifying night shadow which visits those too old or ill to work, and sometimes takes them, never to return.
   After an hour or so, the overseer sends the characters down a further passage behind Mithras' throne. This second underground level holds two adjacent rooms, the first empty while the second holds a stone sarcophagus. The sarcophagus is partially decorated with scenes of Mithraic myth, one where Mithras sits at the side of Sol Invictus during a great banquet, and another as he rides the Bull to exhaustion. If any character spontaneously begins work on the sarcophagus, their player may use their existing Craft, or roll 1d10/halved (round up) to determine their Craft rating for the scene. The rest of the characters are set to work bricking the room, with stones falling down from the unstable ceiling.
  Despite the characters' best efforts, eventually a part of the ceiling collapses atop them. Dexterity + Athletics at Difficulty 5 lets them dodge out of the way, leaving the others trapped under a large slab of rock. These trapped characters can hear the overseer's shouts, dimmed by the stone, and occasionally feel it shift as people try to rescue them. They feel life slip from them. The Storyteller should describe the overwhelming need to breathe, and the realization how precious their blood truly is - perhaps one of them suffers a collapsed lung, while another slowly bleeds out. Above all, they desperately long to see the sun and sky again.
   Just before the characters die, someone lifts the slab of rock like it weighs nothing. The sun appears to them, bringing a light of mercy and compassion. Mithras lifts them carefully, handing them to a small group of Kindred behind them - Marcus Verus, Arcadius Augustus, Gwenllian ferch Arwyn, and Valerius. 
   Mithras bends towards the nearest character, and bites into their neck. The other vampires follow his lead. Arwyn caresses their hair and says in British: "You served the Sun well. Go into the afterlife with honor. We will provide for your families." The characters feel their life flow into the Sun, granting them a blissful death. At this point the encounter ends.
OPTION 2: RESIST MITHRAS Eventually an overseer named Julius sends the characters back to work. They resist and run, at which point they can explore Londinium as long as the Storyteller wants. Rome still controls Londinium, but the British people are growing increasingly wary and resistant - in just another decade, the Romans will have a rebellion on their hands. 
   Come nightfall, a terrifying shadow attacks the characters - this is Arcadius Augustus, but the characters' fear and lack of night vision cloaks his appearance. Fighting back likely won't do much good, but they can certainly try. The characters can run to escape, and making off in different directions could help some of them survive - Augusts can't follow multiple people at the same time.
   Augustus takes any captured characters to the underground Mithraeum, where he throws them before Mithras seated on his throne. The methuselah does not speak, but his displeasure radiates off him. The characters may roll Wits + Awareness at Difficulty 4 to recognize various Kindred around the room. The first is their attacker, who initially looks exactly like them as their mind blends A Need for Sky with Arcadius Augustus Observes. They make out Augustus if they keep looking though, as well as Marcus Verus. Gwenllian Arwyn is also present. The vampire cultists number more, but the visages of the others remain blurred to the characters.
   The cultists feed from the characters with deliberate viciousness as Mithras watches in silent judgment. Gwenllian Arwyn locks eyes with them and says in British: "This is what happens when you defy the Sun." The characters die an agonizing death, and the Storyteller should end the encounter if the players grow uncomfortable.
   
Flashback 3: 
Arwyn Receives the Phrygian Cap 
The flashback then jumps forward in time, characters seeing Londinium grow and change around them. They arrive in 1176 CE, 22 years after Mithras assumed rule over the Baronies of Avalon. The coterie experiences the memories of Gwenllian Arwyn, again translated into separate characters.
   The characters stand at the entrance of the Mithraeum, now nearly 1,000 years old. They have trouble seeing each other's faces, though they see each of them wears a sickle at their side. An Intelligence + Occult roll at Difficulty 4 lets them remember the sickle is the attribute of the Perses in Mithras' cult. They also remember the cult separates ranks into Seven Steps to the Sun, with Perses being the fifth. Perses tend Mithras' garden, be it by overseeing his secular enterprises, or guarding religious items. They also remember Mithras selects some Perses for a ritual named the Blooding, but the characters were not chosen for this great honor.
   The characters instinctively know to open the secret latch behind the relief of Mithras and the Bull. This leads them down to the underground Mithraeum, where Mithras awaits on his throne. A scowling Marcus Verus kneels before the throne. The ceiling bears a relief of Mithras seated next to Sol Invictus at a 
THe MITHRaeUM
The Temple of Mithras stands on the bank of the Walbrook river and counts three layers: an above ground temple for kine, an underground temple for Kindred, and two rooms for Mithras' personal use.
   Mortal Activities: The temple is long and narrow, its windowless vaulted space designed to resemble the sacred cave. A marble relief of Mithras slaying the Bull stands at the far end, and several statues of the god line the room. The central space holds room for sacrificial worship, mortals offering bread, fruit, and cups overflowing with mead and blood unto their god. A man kneels naked, slitting his wrists so he may join Mithras in the afterlife.
   armed Roman soldiers keep guard outside, for the Mithraic Mysteries have many enemies in both Britain and Rome. 
   Dominant Kindred Faction: The Mithraic Mysteries fully control the temple.
   Kindred Activities: The underground temple holds the same lay-out with a narrow central space flanked by columns. Where kine make do with an effigy of their god, though, Kindred worship before Mithras on his throne. They too bring sacrifices, from virile bulls to supple mortals ready to bleed and die at the methuselah's feet. The sun's glory never reaches here, for Mithras tolerates no competition. a hidden passage leads further down to Mithras' personal abode consisting of an audience chamber and sarcophagus room. Two ghouls stand keep vigil here, denying all who seek Mithras uninvited. even then he does not always sleep in the chamber, and rumors fly that the sarcophagus room holds yet another hidden passage leading to a maze below London.
   Notable Features: The Mithraeum was later rededicated to Bacchus and Venus, before falling in disuse as Christianity rose through london. a team of archaeologists excavated the temple 1954, and, come 2012 the above ground temple is slowly being reconstructed in the Bloomberg Space where it will become a tourist draw. agents of de Camden saw the entrance to the underground blocked, erased from all records, and hidden amidst the foundations of the 14-story Bucklersbury house. 
celestial banquet. The room smells power. Even if they make the roll, heavily of mortal blood, though Mithras seems too large for the no kine are in sight. room as sunlight streams off him.
   The characters immediately "My daughter." Mithras invites kneel upon seeing Mithras, unless the characters forward. If the they succeed at a Difficulty 5 Will- characters take note of Mithras 
noT ToUCHInG THaT
The characters as Gwenllian may choose not to enter the Mithraeum, or refuse the Phrygian cap. The real Gwenllian arwyn, however, yielded in the end. The storyteller should give the coterie time to walk around london, where craftsmen build the first stone version of the London Bridge. They can also find new identifiers for the Mithraeum's location on the Walbrook river, with a Wits + Awareness roll at Difficulty 5. 
   eventually though, Mithras summons them to the Mithraeum. He acknowledges their fear at such a great duty, and even their resentment towards him as a Roman conqueror, but insists they take the Phrygian cap. With no other options, the characters take the cap and the flashback ends as above.
addressing them in the singular, the flashback briefly merges them into one body before their minds separate again.
   "Lord Verus serves me well, but I require him elsewhere for now. I have chosen you among all my faithful to take his holy charge from him." Mithras says.
   At this Marcus Verus offers the coterie the Phrygian cap. Both his body language and facial expression hold resentment, allowing an Intelligence + Wits at Difficulty 4 to realize Verus wants his childe Arcadius Augusts to receive the cap. 
   The characters can also glean their own emotions with a Resolve + Insight roll at Difficulty 4 revealing both awe and loyalty, as well as fear and rebellious resentment. Mithras is a generous God, but he is also an oppressor who conquered their own lands and people. Gods do not require approval from their servants, though, only worship and obedience. 
   The characters reach out for the Phrygian cap with a single hand, and looking up see Arwyn's face reflected in each other's before merging into one body. The flashback ends. 
Scene Seven: 
The Keeper of the Phrygian Cap
If the characters ended Scene 5 in the Roman Britain gallery, Gwenllian Arwyn watches them warily as they exit the flashback. She served as a Pater in Mithras' cult, and knows exactly what they are. More importantly, she knows Tony as her great-grandchilde, but is not sure how much of Tony remains after the Blooding. As she herself is undecided on how to handle the situation, she waits for the coterie to make a first move. Arwyn is more welcoming if Chun Hei arranged a meeting, and the Storyteller should roleplay her accordingly. She is also well disposed toward Tony, if the coterie does not attack her. 
If the characters ended Scene 5 in the Roman 
Empire gallery, they have another chance to study the Phrygian cap. The display case is made of reinforced glass, and covered in security sensors. Smashing it triggers the alarm, sees reinforced gates drop down to close the exhibit, and sends Syndexioi Ltd guards to the room. Disabling the alarm or hacking the iris scanner requires an Extended Wits + Larceny roll at Difficulty 10. After the coterie's first roll, mortals suddenly clear the room and a foreboding Arwyn arrives. While not immediately aggressive, she believes the coterie has come to steal the artifact.
   Gwenllian Arwyn is one of London's oldest remaining Kindred, though being stuck in the British Museum and potentially on the Red List restricts her. Still she has plans to grab power, which Mithras' return would ruin for her. Arwyn would be content had the methuselah remained missing and presumed dead. As Mithras did not, Arwyn must now weigh her options. She can retake her place by Mithras' side, likely rising even higher as Mithras is cross with Queen Anne for taking London's throne, and reap the benefits of working for a very ancient and usually generous master. Or she can sabotage Mithras' return and pit herself directly against Queen Anne for control of London - a fight the Brujah believes she can win if she can get herself off consideration for the Red List. The Storyteller should take this ambiguity into account if the coterie negotiates with Arwyn.
Start Trouble
The coterie can try to take the Phrygian cap by force, even if it's not their cleverest option. Both the Roman Britain and Roman Empire galleries hold swords, spears, and shields separated from the public by only a glass case. If it comes to this in the Roman Empire gallery, Arwyn quickly smashes a case to grab a well-kept and sharp gladius.
   As a small stroke of fortune to the coterie, Arwyn hasn't been properly eating during her confinement. She starts at Hunger 4, or Hunger 2 if Chun Hei or Daria alerted her to the coterie's arrival.
   A fight in the Museum breaks the Masquerade, and sees the two undercover Antigen agents from The Hunter's Ball arrive on the third round. Additional Antigen reinforcements arrive on the sixth round, if the fight lasts that long, and raises the Threat Level by 1 for the next scene.
Call Antigen
If the coterie struck a bargain at The Hunters' Ball, they can send the undercover agents to fight Arwyn. The Brujah elder likely kills them, but the coterie can grab the Phrygian cap while she's engaged. This also sees the agents call reinforcements and tighten Operation Antigen's siege on the British Museum, but the coterie has an escape route via the underground.
   If characters want to send agents after Arwyn without outing themselves though, they need to get clever. The coterie might talk about a woman matching Arwyn's description with blood on her face within earshot of the agents, or stage a conversation where one claims that woman just tried to bite them! They can also impersonate agents requiring back-up. All these require a Manipulation + Subterfuge roll at Difficulty 5. Failure immediately rouses the agents' suspicion, though fast-talking characters get a second roll to deflect it as a prank. If the agents suspect foul intentions, they pull out real police badges and place the characters under arrest.
The Truth Revealed
If The Fall of London nears its end, the coterie already believes the flashbacks are not their characters', or 
the characters seem to side with Mithras, Gwenllian Arwyn reveals the truth to them.
   "I served my God long and faithfully. I have seen him lift servants into the light, and reduce his enemies to ashes. It is the Sun's prerogative to use and destroy as he sees fit, and he did so with you. My Lord Mithras subjected you to a ceremony called the Blooding, where his divine blood and that of his servants - myself included - mingled to create the perfect vessel. My Lord filled this vessel with duty and loyalty, and an unquestioning drive to serve him. If the Blooding also erased whatever soul the vessel previously held.... Well, it is not our place to question a God. This is why your memories are so fragmented. You do not exist in the singular, but are merely a collection of shards distilled by our God.
   And look at you, submitting to our God's divine right! My people watched you, scurrying all over London retrieving these items. Do you know what they do? My Lord Mithras did not deign to tell me, but I think I know. More vessels, this time filled with soul rather than emptied. This is how the God returns to us. Hail 
Mithras!"
   Here Arwyn stops abruptly. A Wits + Insight roll at Difficulty 4 reveals her concern on how easily she slipped back to worshiping Mithras despite all her plans for independence. If the methuselah exerts such pull over a vampire as old as Gwenllian Arwyn, the characters should fear how fully Mithras can subvert them. She also seems to regard Tony with something like sadness, which may invoke a Memoriam for him.
Negotiations
Arwyn is undecided on her next course of action, giving characters a chance to sway her to their side. Any deal involves smuggling Arwyn out of the Museum as she's no good to Mithras' or her own plans trapped - and she, never being part of the underground, doesn't know where Blake's secret exit is.
   Arwyn strictly refers to the methuselah as "my God," "my Lord Mithras," or "the Sun." Old habits die hard, even if she currently debates her continued loyalty to him.
SERVE MITHRAS: GIVE US THE CAP
The coterie can use Charisma + Persuasion to sway Arwyn back to Mithras' side by emphasizing how generous he is to his servants. Alternately, Manipulation + Intimidation reminds Arwyn how terrible Mithras' wrath is. Either roll receives +1 bonus die if the characters recount matching memories from the flashback Scene 6. The roll is opposed by Arwyn's Resolve + Insight.
   If the coterie succeeds, Arwyn uses her Amalgam technique Clear the Field to clear the room of visitors, then walks over to the Phrygian cap's display and opens it with the iris scanner. She bows lightly to whichever character exhibited the strongest personality during negotiations, and offers them the cap.
RESIST MITHRAS: DESTROY THE CAP
Persuading Arwyn to grab power for herself grants a +1 bonus die throughout, as this is her true desire. The players can gain a further +1 bonus die by recounting Arwyn's resentment of Mithras as foreign invader from Scene 6. Even so, having Arwyn break with Mithras requires a Charisma + Persuasion roll opposed by Resolve + Insight. If Tony remembers his connection with Arwyn, though, he may play on her sentiments by offering any variation on "we waited for our revenge - and the right time is now" to sway the elder without a roll.
   This plan presents one additional problem though: Gwenllian Arwyn is about to make the Red List - would have already, if the Beckoning and Second Inquisition didn't keep the Camarilla so occupied. Arwyn is confident she can defeat any Alastor, but they would be both a hassle and distraction to her rule. Before Arwyn betrays Mithras and destroys the Phrygian cap, she wants the characters to intercede with Queen Anne on her behalf. They need to convince Queen Anne of Arwyn's loyalty, and beg her to petition the Camarilla for Arwyn's removal from Red List consideration. Arwyn promises to give the coterie the cap after Queen Anne has done so. She also promises to remember the characters "fondly," hinting to future Boons, once all is done and Arwyn sits the throne of London.
   Arwyn uses her Amalgam power to clear the Phrygian cap room of visitors, and uses the iris scanner to open the display and take the cap. The coterie can attempt a social roll opposed by Resolve + Insight to persuade Arwyn to trust their word and hand over the cap now. Otherwise, Arwyn asks for their contact information to schedule a second meeting after they meet with Queen Anne.
AFTER QUEEN ANNE: GWENLLIAN ARWYN RETURNS The coterie promised Arwyn to have Queen Anne remove her from Red List consideration. If the group did not run Sunset of Flames yet, this is an excellent time to do so - Arwyn will wait in one of her Havens outside the Museum until they return. If the group already ran Sunset of Flames, Lady Scarlett is willing to serve as an envoy between them and Queen Anne, who is currently mounting a counter strike with Justicar Parr (see Gods and Monsters for details).
   A lot rides on how well they manage to hide Arwyn's plans to become Prince of London some night soon. Anne Bowesley is a cunning vampire who has ample experience outwitting her elders, and there is a fair chance she's onto Arwyn's plans. Even so she eventually agrees, as she has an immediate plans to use Arwyn against Operation Antigen and a contingency plan to deal with her later.
   Chun Hei calls the coterie two nights later to arrange a meeting at a backroom of the Vaults (see 
p.18). Toreador Emily Anastas and the Nosferatu Alan Chang, well connected at the Vaults, facilitated the meeting. Unless the coterie previously made their acquaintance and requests their presence though, the couple makes itself wisely scarce - Chun pays them handsomely for the use of their space, but beyond that they prefer not to get involved. The Vaults hosts an underground circus tonight, with clowns riding unicycles and acrobats spinning in ring hanging from the ceilings. The show even hosts a fire eater in clear violation of health and safety codes, and prompting a terror Frenzy check at Difficulty 2 if the characters pass too closely. The packed and dimly lit underground space does provide plenty of opportunity to feed. The meeting room lies beyond the circus area, and is closed to the public.
   If the coterie destroyed Chun Hei, one of Arwyn's ghouls arranges the meeting and the coterie suffers a -1 die penalty on all social tests with Arwyn.
   

   




C h A P T E R 5 - R E D L I STS & R E D C A P S
GWen's beCKonInG
These nights, most Kindred as old as Gwenllian are beset by the Beckoning: a maddenning urge to travel east, to the origin of human and vampire civilization. something prevents Gwenllian from leaving, though: the Phrygian cap. Part of a Mithraic warding enacted to keep her from running amok, the cap is acting as a lynchpin in a sorcerous weave that imprisons her in the museum. her mind fraying by the tug of the beckoning, Gwenllian has lost much of her Humanity, and her composure at this stage is brittle-thin. Once the cap is removed, the ward keeping her will fail. What happens when she realizes it is up to the storyteller. she might rampage through the Kindred of london in a betrayal-spurred frenzy, or she could turn her ire towards antigen, causing untold collateral damage before being taken down in a concerted effort. or she may simply leave, quietly, for the east. In any case, it is unlikely she will be heard from after this chronicle.
Aftermath
   
¦ This chapter has a ready-made segue into Sunset of 
   
Flames as the coterie goes to negotiate with Queen Anne on Arwyn's behalf.¦ If the coterie seeks Sri Sansa next, Daria can get them in contact with Najma Elmi in Family Matters.¦ If the characters seek Richard de Worde in What Hides Beneath next, they can use Trenton's tube pattern, or simply enter Aldwych station, to draw the attention of the Nosferatu. This takes them to an encounter with Gabriella in Scene Two of that chapter. They can also ask Z, who can point them to the abandoned station in that same scene.¦ If the coterie delivered Arwyn to the waiting hands of Operation Antigen, they may have gained a contact to call on in the last chapter of this scenario, Gods and Monsters.¦ If the coterie aided Arwyn, she returns to stand with them if they decide to fight Mithras in Gods and Monsters.
   

   
- MITHRas, 
   
Storyteller Goals
The Storyteller needs to bring all the events of The Fall of London to their conclusion. This might be a final goodbye to mortal allies, a strategic scene with a tense rival, a showdown with an enemy after a character betrayed them, or the return of a beloved friend for moral support. Then the characters need to decide what they are going to do with the artifacts they have collected. The plan was to bring them to Mithras, but after all they have seen, where do their loyalties truly lie? Finally, having made their choice they need to play it out with all its consequences. Operation Antigen is still on the character's tail unless they've made a deal and, even then, their every move is still being closely watched . Mithras waits for them at the Mithraeum, and so does his - or Monty Coven's - pack. 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   This chapter is about morality, choice, and consequences. Regardless of the choices the characters make, they will have to deal with what they have wrought so far, and perhaps this has taught them a lesson about the weight of their decisions. Perhaps not, and all the decisions they will make in this concluding chapter of the story will be completely selfish. 
   Since this chapter is the conclusion of the chronicle, the Storyteller should try to tease out a main direction from the players ahead of time. Having them discuss the different options for whose side they'd like to take, and which way they'd like to see the chronicle end both in and out of character. This should give players some agency to help guide the narrative with the Storyteller, thereby creating a satisfying conclusion to the scenario.
   While this chapter is the end of The Fall of London, it is also the conclusion of the character's journey to reclaim their memories. They should have had several flashbacks by now and understand more about their own history, leaving the players to decide which direction their character's personality should take. They can give into the elders' drives and ambitions, rekindle their own, or claim the best of both of them. 
A Series of Choices
This chapter is a toolbox. There are any number of outcomes to the previous chapters and, depending on the paths the characters took, any one outcome could look vastly different from another. The characters have several options as they approach the conclusion of the chronicle, and the Storyteller should prompt them to consider them carefully. A few of these options include:
Stick to the Plan
The obvious path is to do as they have been told, and return the artifacts to Mithras. There are several reasons why the characters could choose to back up the ancient vampire who has been manipulating them for centuries. Mithras is powerful, intelligent, and angry, and these may be the traits needed to lead London beyond ruin and the assault by Operation Antigen into a new Golden Age. They are certainly traits that make him dangerous to cross. While most Kindred believe him dead, Mithras' name and legacy still carries weight. Those who believe he returned from "final death" are terrified of him, which may include the characters, given they have seen the extent of his sheer force of will over the ages.
  There is no doubt that Mithras has far less humanity than any of his peers. He's committed a multitude of atrocities in his long existence, and no matter what prosperity he may bring to London he is still a dictator from an obsolete age. It's possible the characters might see the greatest potential reward in staying loyal to Mithras. They may hope for remuneration for all they have done, and for supporting his desire for revenge against the Kindred who killed him and separated him from his lover and his power for so long. Mithras will need loyal followers in the nights to come, to take back control of London and restore him as the city's rightful ruler. It was what the characters were designed to do, and why should they mess with fate? Mithras' return promises to be glorious and bloody; and maybe a position by his side would be far more favorable than trying to piece back together this ruined land on their own. Failing that, the Mithraic Mysteries cult is relocating to Edinburgh, so it might be worth serving Mithras just to get safe passage out of the city.
A SIDE DISh Of REVEngE
Mithras has manipulated the characters like pawns since the Blooding, leaving them unable to control even their own memories. The coterie has very little agency or standing in Kindred society, despite the fact that they are so old, as they are merely tools of Mithras.
   Maybe, rather than any lofty plans for themselves or london, the coterie is motivated solely by a burning desire to destroy Mithras. fortunately, they can do that siding with Queen anne or antigen, as none of them are keen to let the methuselah survive.
   

   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
  The characters might also just feel no connection to London whatsoever. Having been resurrected after seventy years of torpor, with most of their strong connections to the city gone, they may have developed a nihilistic attitude to the city and their own existence. Alternatively, Operation Antigen might offer them a surprisingly good deal to act as double agents. They might leave the city unscathed if the characters give them the intel they need to destroy the remaining Kindred in London. This might be the darkest choice, since they are betraying their own kind to militaristic annihilation.
Grab Power in Ruined London
With most of the elders gone, maybe if the characters kill Mithras they can have the city of London all to themselves. Sadly, it is not as simple as that. A few of the Primogen remain and there are more than a few elders hoping to wait out the storm to take control of the ruins. However, alliances can be made, or the coterie can rule together, and it may be possible to sell out rivals to Operation Antigen if the characters are careful. Their inheritance will not be easy, since they will have to rebuild London after the wreckage. But the power will be theirs, and they will no longer be anyone's pawns.
   Killing Mithras is vital to this plan, for so long as he remains he will always return to rule London. Fortunately, while he is an exceptionally powerful elder, he is also arrogant and this might grant the characters an opportunity. He thinks himself invulnerable, believing himself a god on earth.
   There is still the lingering threat of Operation Antigen which they would have to deal with, but at least they, and the government behind them, are just human - if nothing else, the coterie can wait them out. When the storm dies down, London might be the safest place in Britain for Kindred.
Just Leave
Perhaps the characters simply decide it's time to get the hell out of London. It's sensible, given how dangerous London has become. The problem is that by now they are already in deep, having potentially antagonized or allied with powerful elders, and owning at least one artifact (the cup) Mithras wants. To make matters worse, Operation Antigen has put the city under siege as far as Kindred are concerned. Blindly running might just prove the most dangerous option - they need an ally, be it Mithras, Justicar Parr, or Antigen to see them safely out of London. Which, in turn, leads back to one of the options above.
The State of London
London nights are now considerably darker than they've ever been, perhaps even since Mithras first conquered the city all those centuries ago. The court has mostly been eradicated and scattered to the winds, with those remaining in the city gone into hiding. Rumors abound about Queen Anne. Some say she has deserted the throne, others that she is gathering her strength for a counter strike. Either way, the throne of London is vacant and even Elysia are no longer safe. London has fallen, and yet, it could still fall much further depending on the choices now laid before the characters.
   Several Kindred have survived, but are in hiding as Operation Antigen is out in full force. The raid on Queen Anne's recent party proved to Antigen that the city is indeed infested with IC0s. 
   By this point the Threat Level will have reached at least 4, possibly 5 if the characters' actions pushed it even higher. Regular patrols are now out every night in most areas of London. Some are armed units making raids, others blend in with mortals as wolves among the herd. However, a discerning Kindred using Wits + Composure at Difficulty 3 might spot a camouflaged headset, or the extra padding under clothing indicating military grade street armor.
  Several Elysia have caught fire in recent nights, including The Trunk, the Foundry, and the Oubliette nightclubs that doubled as safe feeding grounds - all courtesy of Operation Antigen. Both the Kindred and hunters have been covering up the fires as sudden outbreaks of gang violence or terrorist activity, but it's quite clear to the Kindred of the city that these were direct attacks by an enemy with inside information. However, no one seems to know where this intelligence may have come from, although plenty of Kindred are happy to make baseless accusations at each other. 
   The attack on the Shard has been reported in mortal media as a valiant action by Special Forces to end a hostage situation. Fires in Elysium buildings are part of a "rise in terrorist activity" and some of the street violence is reported as looting or demonstrations 'getting out of hand'. Several media outlets call for calm as 'unruly mobs are taking advantage of the reduced resources of the police'. However, for all this violence, London carries on as usual for the most part. Few Londoners can afford to stay home from work, and it takes more than a few fires to keep the British out of a pub.
Specific buildings, or parks where clans and 
Anarchs typically held territory in the city (such as The Electric in Brixton) are mostly deserted. There are a few stragglers who refuse to leave, and even one or two of the Primogen remain steadfast amid this chaos. Most notable among these is Edward Bainbridge of the Tremere, and Reginald Moore of the Brujah. They have made a loose alliance to try and hold what they can, or at least protect their clans well enough to mount an orderly exodus. It's possible they could become allies to the characters in the coming nights. 
   For the most part though, the city is being abandoned by the Kindred who previously called it home. They are heading out through secret passageways, down into private lairs hidden from all those who might find them, or gathering the remains of their troops for some kind of last stand against the hunters. The numbers are dire though, and unless something drastic happens, the Kindred of London will lose.   
   Rumors abound that a Justicar has come to the city. Such rumors are met with either incredulity, or fear. Powerful elders reach such great ages precisely because they don't enter war zones, and many Kindred think that whatever the Camarilla says, no Justicar is going to willingly come to London. Those who do believe a Justicar is coming, are very frightened they might be right as the Camarilla is likely to see this whole affair as a failure of the Kindred of London to manage the city properly. This means that even if a Justicar can end the Antigen threat, they will also be there to pass judgment on the failures of the local Kindred. 
   In truth, both rumors are correct. While no Justicar wants to enter a war zone, the Camarilla cannot afford to lose a city of such power and standing. So Justicar Juliette Parr of Clan Malkavian has been dispatched to resolve the situation, as she was once Sheriff under Mithras in the Victorian age. She intends to descend on the city with the full force of the Camarilla.
   London feels like an empty wasteland. The streets are filled with kine going about their usual business, but eerily empty of any Kindred presence. The occasional Kindred is spotted skittering under a sewer lid, or fleeing in terror from an invisible enemy. It should feel to the characters like another coming of Gehenna, as if vampires have been eradicated from the world, and they are the only ones remaining. It is a sudden and painful loneliness, compacted by any of the recent discoveries regarding who they actually are and why they've been after these artifacts all along. 
   The Court of London lies in shambles, with many destroyed or presumed missing, or fled from London. 
The Powers That Be
QUEEN ANNE BOWESLEY (PRINCE OF LONDON) Reports about Queen Anne's whereabouts are conflicting. Some think she was killed in the attack on the Shard, but few really want to believe their Prince fell so easily. The sparse Kindred who survived the party are angry, blaming her for a failure to stop the attack or see it coming. However, there are other rumors that Queen Anne and Justicar Parr are working together to purge Operation Antigen and restore Camarilla control. The idea of an organized counter strike has given many Kindred hope things might return to normal.
VALERIUS (SENESHAL)
Dead if the characters killed him. Otherwise he has left the city as quickly as possible. While he will want revenge on Queen Anne one night, he is patient and pragmatic enough to wait for a better time to take it. 
   

   
TERENCE GARDENER (SCOURGE)
One of the first Kindred to do real harm to Operation Antigen's forces, he terrorized them with his extreme style of violence. While several agents of Operation Antigen fell during his violent attack, so did he. 
JUSTICAR JULIETTE PARR
Working with Queen Anne to drive out Operation Antigen. If successful, Parr will recommend the Camarilla support Queen Anne's claim to London if the sitting Prince can deal with Mithras.
HAFSA (ARCHON)
Hasn't been seen since Queen Anne's party, but is secretly watching events from afar. She plans to wait it out until the opportunity arises to return, and has no stake in who survives or dies except for herself. Her apparent disappearance is one of the reasons Justicar Parr herself has been sent in, and the Justicar will want a word with her errant Archon.
The Artifact Bearers
GWENLLIAN ARWYN
Arwyn has no choice but to remain in London, bound by the ward in the museum. However, once the Mithraic sorcery keeping her imprisoned fails, she unwilling to yield the city to either Mithras, Antigen, or Queen Anne. If the characters haven't alienated her too badly she can fight alongside them against any of these, before leaving or spectacularly expiring.
RICHARD DE WORDE
Whether the coterie destroyed him or not, he's nowhere to be found.
SRI SANSA
Sri Sansa and his family are long out of London.
The Coterie's Contacts
ADISA (SUNSET OF FLAMES)
Seen fighting alongside several Sheriffs, though lately she seems to have withdrawn to Southall to ally with the remaining Duskborn. Willing to help the coterie out in a scrap, but unwilling to take big risks - she won't fight Mithras with them.
AYSE DHANIAL (FAMILY MATTERS)
Ayse is laying very low, hoping to evade attention from both Antigen and Bainbridge, who might kill her and claim a casualty of war. So far, through a combination of some skill, a lot of luck, and her enemies otherwise being engaged, it's working.
DARIA (RED LISTS AND RED CAPS)
Not seen since the Mortlake Theatre was evacuated due to a "bomb threat", though it's anyone's guess if Antigen actually found her or if she simply went deeper into hiding.
GABRIELLA (WHAT HIDES BENEATH)
Gabriella yet survives, alternatively working for Oscar Anasov and other Kindred who can pay her for information.
NAJMA ELMI (FAMILY MATTER)
Najma rallied several remaining Duskborn before going into hiding - with Sri Sansa already gone, she hopes Antigen won't look too closely at Southall. 
LADY SCARLETT (SUNSET OF FLAMES)
Survived and remains at Queen Anne's side. If the characters wish to ally themselves with Queen Anne and Justicar Parr, the telephone number they have for Lady Scarlett remains in service.
VICTOR (WHAT HIDES BENEATH)
Poor, trusting Victor was never made to survive an organized hunter assault.
Z (RED LISTS AND RED CAPS)
Working for Oscar Anasov in his escape network. He's the coterie's best bet if they seek to flee London.
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
Scene One: 
Recruitment Drive
The Fall of London moves into its endgame, and whoever the characters choose to side with may decide the fate of the city. Mithras will make himself known to the Heralds when he needs them, and the characters can decide to make a run for it whenever they choose. However, there are two other factions the characters should come across before they make any final decisions about their allegiance. These are Queen Anne, come to reclaim the city, and Operation Antigen's amnesty for "helpful" Kindred. 
   If the players have already made their choice, and the coterie is actively trying to contact 
Queen Anne or Antigen, the 
Storyteller should take their lead. Otherwise, the following short scenes can be played out to ensure the characters know of all the options available to them.
Queen Anne's Invitation
Queen Anne didn't run very far after she fled her party. She always has an escape plan, but wasn't quite ready to give up on her city. She also put the clues together and realized Mithras is definitely back, in some form or another, but needs the artifacts the characters have to regain his full power. Despite her terror of Mithras, she realized this may be the only opportunity to destroy him for good. 
  Before Queen Anne could put anything into motion, Justicar Parr caught up with her and insisted the Prince explain how one of the Camarilla's greatest cities was in chaos. Queen Anne, possibly for the first time in since her Embrace, told the truth, and Parr decided to be merciful. A major assault by hunters and the return of a powerful methuselah would stretch any Prince to breaking point after all. Together they have been gathering the remaining elders and their resources to make a counter strike against Operation Antigen. After that, if Queen Anne can also find a way to deal with Mithras - who was always more independent than the Camarilla strictly liked - she may remain as Prince.
   Lady Scarlett makes contact to tell the characters a counter strike is being prepared by Queen Anne and Justicar Parr. She also underlines that any Kindred still in the city who decides to sit this one out had better not remain a resident of London when this is all over. However, Queen Anne has promised rewards for those who distinguish themselves against Antigen. With that on the table, Scarlett inquires, does the coterie wish to ally with 
their rightful Prince? She gives them a new phone number they may call when they have made their decision.
Antigen offers Amnesty
Wherever the characters are, however safe they think they are, there is a knock at their door right after sunset. The visitor is a Mandarin woman in a neat business suit who introduces herself as Sarah Chou. She asks if she can come in and talk, and that she represents Operation Antigen but means them no harm. A Wits + Insight test at Difficulty 3 reveals she is clearly terrified for all her calm demeanor. 
   If Sarah is invited in, she remains standing and near the door. She immediately informs the characters she is a minor agent of Operation Antigen and they should be aware she has no current operational intelligence if they are considering interrogating her. She is just here to deliver a message.
   Operation Antigen has been very successful, and they are offering amnesty to any IC0 who agree to be tagged and monitored. Any who have survived this far will be hard to root out, and Antigen doesn't want to waste any more resources than strictly necessary. If the characters agree to have a subcutaneous transponder implanted in them, and comply with a few rules, Antigen agents will ignore them unless the characters become hostile. 
  The "few rules" are quite comprehensive, and include no killing (but feeding "within reason" is fine) and the characters must report for periodic checks at an Operation Antigen facility. They will have to also agree to a series of medical tests and an assessment of their abilities for Antigen records. What Sarah describes is a life under constant surveillance with an organization that can extinguish any of them if they deem them a threat. However, if the characters agree to offer any intelligence on any of the remaining elders, Operation Antigen will grant them further freedoms and exemptions from some of the rules, although the tracker remains non-negotiable.
   Sarah tells them they need not agree now. She gives them a card with a phone number, and tells them that if they call the number they will be given instructions on how to give themselves up. Then she hopes to leave. If the characters manipulate, or even torture or kill, Sarah they won't learn anything more than she has told them. Operation Antigen doesn't send agents who know too much to meet monsters with mind control abilities. 
Scene Two: A Farewell and a Plan
This scene focuses on loss, as the characters need to pick and choose what to save amid the ruins of London. If the characters feel a need to tidy up some of their affairs, or say any goodbyes, they must do so now. This scene is also a good opportunity to take stock of each character's personality and who they are becoming as they learn more about themselves.
  The Storyteller should allow each character to have a small vignette scene with an SPC that is important to them. This person may be anyone the character has unfinished words with, before they potentially meet final death at the hands of their elders or Operation Antigen. The Storyteller should accommodate the player here, and potentially turn back the clock on the SPC's fate - if they want to speak to Sri Sansa, he hasn't left quite yet; if they choose to speak the Blake, The Trunk hasn't burned down yet or perhaps she's simply using the attack as a cover to finally escape Mithras.
   Thematic resonance also matters in this vignette, and the Storyteller should let the chosen SPC serve as a mirror up to an aspect of their character the player wants to explore. For example, if a character cares greatly about justice, the Storyteller should help the player choose an SPC who can highlight the theme of justice, or its opposite: injustice. Playing out these short vignettes can help catalyze and characterize the characters in this last chapter, and remind them of who they are, right before they have to make the big decision about what to do in the climax. Examples of themes you may wish to pick for the pre-generated characters are: blind faith (Alice), a soldier's duty (Tommy), paying your debts (Tony), love and loyalty (Catherine), and the importance of humanity (Henry).
Structuring the Vignettes
The Storyteller and players have a short discussion about who would be a good SPC to have one last conversation with. They can also use this vignette to 
gain a last new Mawla (if they're Kindred) or Ally (if they're kine), and the Storyteller should be honest if the player chose someone who can't serve that purpose. For example, if the player chose Blake, the Storyteller can either decide she survives the attack on The Trunk (and thus can serve as an ally), or warn the player and ask (but not dictate) if they want to choose someone else. 
   The Storyteller then sets the vignette somewhere clandestine in London. While it should be secret and safe, there should still be a certain lingering danger of being discovered at any moment by Operation Antigen. Great choices would be a restaurant, a nightclub, a garden, a monument, or a bar. These are public and likely to be full of kine, therefore less likely for the hunters to attack, but also iconic choices for a dramatic personal moment to occur. They may also serve to remind the character how the kine appear blind to the titanic events going on around them.
   The meeting may be about the decision to trust Mithras or not, or a problem the SPC needs solved instantly. They may want to get out of London, need money or blood, or even need to confess their affection to the character as London stands on the brink of destruction. Alternatively, the characters might need something from the SPC, such as guns, good luck, a promise, or just backup.
   The SPC know them well, and can give advice, call them out on their denial and attitude, act as support, or beg them not to do 
   
what they're about to do. Whatever is important to the character, have the SPC highlight that by pointing it out in the conversation, and prompting the character to confront their feelings surrounding it. These vignettes serve as the emotional crucible before the apocalypse.
   The vignette should end after about five minutes of conversation. At the end of the vignette, if the character confirms the bond they share with the SPC, they get a bonus trait. If the SPC is a Kindred the character gains them as a two-dot Mawla. If the SPC is a mortal the character gains them as a new Touchstone. They will also gain a new conviction to go with the Touchstone which should reflect what they discussed in the vignette.
The Coterie Meeting
Now the characters have resolved some of their unfinished business, they need to decide what to do next as a group. While this is a time for each character to express their opinion, this scene is also designed to highlight the characters together as a coterie one last time - not all of them might survive what comes next. The Storyteller should allow the players to have this conversation in character with little interference.
   The scene should be set somewhere the characters feel moderately safe, but should not let them forget what is going on around them. The Storyteller might make them run into an Operation Antigen patrol on their way to whatever haven they have chosen, only to find the place on fire, thus forcing them to choose another place. The atmosphere of the meeting should be tense and anxious - it might be quiet now, but violence and death are constant, nearby companions.
   The safety of the characters' Haven is relative right now, and they may be gathering the few things they have stashed away here. If so, the Storyteller should ask each of them what object might be the most precious to them here, and why.
   The characters need to come to some sort of consensus about how to move forward, and develop a plan of action. The Storyteller might offer them 
   
some options to discuss if they are having trouble making a decision, and should encourage all players to voice their character's opinion no matter how contentious it may be. The Storyteller should put the spotlight on them and allow each player to showcase who their character is and what they care about. Let their conversation show how much they've grown together over the course of the chronicle, and how it has shaped their beliefs. If they're having trouble getting started, the Storyteller can prompt them with imagery from the flashbacks they experienced. They might then consider how this makes them feel about who they are. Does it change what they were going to do about Mithras? Do they support him ruling London or not?
   At the end of the conversation the characters' plan doesn't need to be solid or even specific. However, they should have decided roughly who they're going to back and why - any details can be worked out as they go. Now they need to get in contact with one of the factions in order to move forward.
Scene Three: Fate and Fortune 
At its surface, this scene is a final confrontation with Mithras, and a great excuse for a dramatic showdown. 
At the heart of this scene though, lies the future of London and the souls - or what passes for such in vampires - of the characters. Scene Three offers several different routes, depending on the choices the characters made previously and the direction they want to go with the story. It details five specific outcomes: siding with Mithras, supporting Queen Anne, allying with Operation Antigen, grabbing power for themselves, or just running away. Whatever they choose though, there's always a knife twist - a price to pay for surviving another night.
   If the characters choose a different path, or change their minds halfway through, the Storyteller should have enough detail in the scenes we provide to rework the climax.
    SIDING WITH MITHRAS Mithras is powerful and giving him the artifacts was always the original plan. 
   


  	C h A P T E R 6 - g O D S & M O n ST E RS
   
convincing the characters need to be, or how difficult their supplies are to reach. They have limited time and their movements are likely to be caught by Operation Antigen if they aren't careful. Still, this is a small window of opportunity to prepare.
Pater Thomas Returns
Before the coterie can put their plan into action, a contact approaches them with an interesting rumor. Ideally this should be someone the characters already know - Daria and Gabriella make good choices, as both have reason to want Mithras gone before he thinks of blaming all of Clan Nosferatu for de Worde's treachery. Regina Blake makes another option, though the Storyteller has to postpone her death then. If all the coterie's contacts died, or plain hate them, former Head of Harpies Violet Mary contacts them - as one of the elders getting Kindred out of the city, she picked up a lot of rumors over the last few nights and managed to put some things together. 
   The contact, whichever one the Storyteller chose, heard rumors about an elder of the Mithraic Mysteries returning to London. They can even give the coterie a physical description, which matches Pater Thomas. All five Heralds know that Mithras cares a great deal for this Kindred.
   The contact hopes the coterie will use this information to strike against Mithras, but gives the information even if the characters acted loyally so far. Perhaps they might still take the shot, and otherwise Mithras' return seems inevitable and there's no harm in playing nice with his Heralds. Because of this, the contact under no circumstances actually suggests treachery.
  How the characters decide to use this knowledge is up to them. They could ignore it, but it's potentially leverage to use against Mithras. As de Camden - then already Pater Thomas - has been used against Mithras when Valerius and de Worde betrayed him, this is a strategy the two ancient Kindred will be ready for. De Camden knows he's putting himself at risk, and he and his small entourage are extremely cautious as they move about London, but he doesn't trust anyone else with the ritual to restore Mithras to power.
MOnTy'S PACK
Montgomery "Monty" Coven commands the 
loyalty of five Kindred who are all with him in the Mithraeum. They each have the statistics of an 'anarch Revolutionary' per Vampire p.374. all of them were initially loyalty to Monty rather than Mithras, but recognize the value of following power. each was originally inducted in the Sabbat, and has horrifically low Humanity scores. 
The five pack members are:
¦ Caliper: a tall, androgynous Kindred with short cropped hair in a well-made suit.
¦ Lice: a round and short Kindred with a shaved head and goggles covering his eyes.
¦ Honey: a young woman with a shaved head and several piercings dressed in tattered clothes.
¦ Manticore: an older man wearing a  shirt and waistcoat, who never removes  his sunglasses.
¦ Feral: a growling woman with long matted hair, wearing worn military fatigues.
Option 1:  To Serve a God (Siding with Mithras)
Regardless of what the characters chose, Mithras reaches out to the characters one evening shortly after they awaken. All of them will feel drawn in a particular direction towards the center of the city. Composure + Insight at Difficulty 2 reveals Mithras is Summoning them - there's little mistaking his pull. They instinctively know they should bring the artifacts, but are not compelled to do so. The call is weak at first and easily ignored, but grows in strength if they resist it. A Wits + Insight test at Difficulty 3 lets the character sense that their connection through the Blooding is beginning to weaken, as a Summons from Mithras should be overwhelming. This means the characters have time to make contact with any of their allies to tell them the confrontation is imminent, if they decide to betray Mithras. 
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
  Following the call leads the coterie to the underground Mithraeum, under the demolished remains of Bucklersbury House. The characters are greeted at the door by two members of Monty's pack, Caliper and Lice. They lead them down several flights of stairs, through a thick metal door, and into the subbasement where the Mithraeum still stands amid the foundation of the Bucklersbury House. The temple, much like London above it, lost most of its former glory hidden in the shadows, and is in need of repair as several stones fell inward as Bucklersbury House's foundation was erected. Monty sits upon a throne at the back of the Mithraeum, but his posture, mannerisms, and even his voice are very clearly Mithras'. He looks regal, terrifying, and radiant like the sun, but also tired. The characters do not feel compelled to kneel, and can easily see through the godlike aura surrounding Mithras as the Blooding's grip no longer tightens around their hearts. Mithras notices this, and a Wits + Insight roll at Difficulty 4 lets the character see Mithras' eyes narrow in response. De Camden, or Pater Thomas as the characters know him, kneels to the right of the throne. Monty's pack members stand to the sides of the room.
   Mithras turns to look at the characters intently when they enter the ancient space. Mithras' intense gaze looks out through Monty's eyes, creating a cognitive dissonance for the coterie. A Resolve + Composure roll (Difficulty 3) is needed to remain calm while standing in Mithras' presence. Failure leaves the character noticeably shaking, and reduces their dice pool in actions against Mithras by 1. Mithras speaks.
   "My loyal friends. I can see you brought the items I've asked of you. It seems you are more yourselves than ever before. You know who I am and maybe who you are too. Come, and let us rebuild London as Rome was rebuilt, together."
   He holds out a thin, clawed hand as invitation to the characters. It is almost paternal, and does in fact seem genuine. This is a chance for the characters to engage Mithras in dialogue if they wish. They can ask him questions about what he plans to do with the city, if he is working with Operation Antigen, what kind 
of standing they would have under his rule, and who he might be willing to pardon for them. Mithras is strangely patient with this line of questioning, wisely, for he senses that the characters are not under his control as they once were. He will answer their questions honestly, and according to his agenda, as he does truly value them as Heralds doing his bidding. The coterie can even try and sway Mithras in any of his decisions, but must make opposed rolls if they ask for pardons for Valerius, de Worde, or Queen Anne. After a while, Mithras will say: 
"Enough of this. I have answered all of your questions. 
Now hand me my artifacts, and let us begin." 
   He will turn his godly gaze upon them then, and they can feel a glimpse of his former glory like a ray of sun, as a hint of what is soon to come.
   If the characters believe siding with Mithras is the best option, this is where they hand the artifacts to Pater Thomas. Thomas anoints the artifacts in his own blood, then dresses the methuselah in them. Once they are all upon Mithras' body, the methuselah begins to shine with a bright pure light, which makes any Kindred instinctively recoil. Mithras appears to be the sun incarnate, but the light doesn't harm any of the Kindred. It does, however, remind them of all they have lost in the eternal night, and to feel of warmth on their faces and experience how daylight banishes the shadows if precious to them. 
   Mithras regains his full glory in what can only be described as a metaphysical transformation. He seems to stand taller, though he still remains within Monty's body, and there is no longer a tiredness about him. Instead he looks more complete and ethereal than anyone the characters have ever seen. Mithras is terrifying and beautiful to behold as he stands before his throne. The characters may show deference as they please, for even though they are no longer blooded and bound, they are compelled by Mithras' great majesty to kneel or be gracefully humble. The methuselah smiles broadly, as though taking in everything around him for the first time. He exchanges a brief glance with Pater Thomas, and Wits + Insight at Difficulty 5 lets the character sense the true love between them. 
  
   Mithras stares past the characters for a moment, as if noticing something for the first time. Then he frowns and looks toward the characters. "It seems the hunters have finally found me. Follow me and see how a God deals with such absurd creatures!" 
   The coterie, along with Monty's pack, is commanded to follow Mithras from the Mithraeum where they run into a small army of Operation Antigen agents still in the basement of the Bucklersby House. The agents may have followed the characters, been watching the Mithraeum, or been tracking Monty or Thomas. The moment he sees them, Mithras moves with impossible speed and tears into the hunters. Monty's pack gleefully follows, and the characters can decide if they want to hide, fight, or make a swift exit. Pater Thomas hangs back - physical combat is not his expertise. 
  The characters only need to engage a few Antigen agents, whatever they choose to do, as Mithras and the pack can more than handle the rest. Still, if any of the players craves combat the Storyteller should indulge them now. At the end of it, Mithras stands among a pile of bodies, some of which belong to his pack. However, the sound of helicopters suggest more agents may be on the way.
   Mithras smiles at the characters - and gleefully slaughters any of the remaining pack, his last connection to Monty Coven. He then offers his blood soaked hand to the characters and says it is time to leave. He will offer them a place by his side in Edinburgh, as an honored part of Mithras' new order in Edinburgh. If they agree, Pater Thomas quickly smuggles the coterie, Mithras, and himself out of London and to Scotland. If they refuse he will thank them for their service and let them go - he owes them that much at least. 
THE TWISTING KNIFE
Mithras is, for all intents and purposes, a God. Mortals and Kindred mean nothing to him, with the exception of Roger de Camden. Mithras likens himself a magnanimous God, but he was born of blood and slaughter. The characters leave London, all their Kindred allies, and mortal Touchstones, to serve a creature who will discard them the first moment they lose their usefulness.
   









   
Option 2: Counterstrike (Joining Queen Anne)
The characters heard Queen Anne is leading an attempt to reclaim the city with the backing of Justicar Parr. If they choose to be a part of that, they can make contact through the number Lady Scarlett gave them. 
   Queen Anne is staying ahead of Operation Antigen by keeping on the move, and the coterie is told to come to 12 Claremont Square in Islington. The Georgian terraced townhouse is owned by Clan Tremere and heavily warded so that mortals will ignore it. It's also currently serving as a temporary base for Queen Anne. 
   Waiting in the house, and arguing about how to proceed are Queen Anne, Justicar Parr, Edward Bainbridge, and Reginald Moore. Lady Scarlett is there taking notes and talking on the phone. Several low-ranking Kindred, the foot-soldiers of the remaining regime, are also present.  
  As soon as the characters arrive, Queen Anne asks them to share any further news they have about the city and Mithras. That being done, Justicar Parr will step forward and ask the characters if they think Queen Anne is still fit to lead the city. This may seem rather brusque, but the Justicar wants to put the characters on the spot while simultaneously reminding Queen Anne of the precariousness of her position. The characters are free to say what they please. Whatever their reply, Justicar Parr will take it seriously, and either reaffirm Anne as the current Prince, or tell her she clearly needs to work harder to reclaim the throne. This may make an ally or an enemy of Queen Anne, but that isn't the point. The point is to emphasize Queen Anne is not in charge now that the Camarilla felt the need to step in.
   The characters may have their own ideas about how they can help the city and, if so, the Storyteller should run with that. Meanwhile Queen Anne has a single task for them: to take down Mithras. While Operation Antigen remains still a threat, mortals can be dealt with - and Queen Anne has plenty of experience there - but it's all over if Mithras regains his power. Queen Anne also knows that any control of the city she has with Mithras out there, is temporary at best.
  Already planning ahead, Queen Anne presents them with two ideas. The first is to capture Pater Thomas, and use him as a lure or a bargaining chip to force Mithras to leave the city. The second is for the character to take the artifacts to Mithras, but use a fake seal (Anne made a copy years ago), so the ritual will fail. It should weaken Mithras further, allowing the characters to destroy him. Queen Anne much prefers the second option, but ultimately the choice is up to the characters.
   If the characters opt to kidnap Pater Thomas, Queen Anne's spies have located his current whereabouts. The characters can also call the number they received in the letter from Pater Thomas, in A Dark and Stormy Night, and 
C h A P T E R 6 - g O D S & M O n ST E RS
arrange for a meeting - after all, they're supposed to be working for him. They might also bring in any allies they have to help, as plenty of Kindred want revenge on Mithras - Gwenllian Arwyn and Chun Hei will both physically commit to a fight, and Regina Blake (if she survives) can send armed mortals.
   Pater Thomas is protected by five mortal Cultists, who are devoted to both him and Mithras. Beyond that he doesn't have much protection - Operation Antigen discovered the Haven Thomas prepared for himself, forcing him to relocate to a secondary and much less prepped location. If the characters seek to avoid a fight, they can try to use their status as Heralds of the Sun, or in Alice's case as Voice of Mithras even, to get past them. Once they get close to Pater Thomas, though, they still need to take him down. Thomas is a powerful elder and even a surprise attack will not give the characters much of an edge. However, if they threaten to destroy any of the artifacts, Pater Thomas surrenders instantly - each artifact is a part of the man he loves, and he cannot bear the idea of losing any of them.
   Once they have Pater Thomas subdued, the characters can use him as bait, or convince him to help persuade Mithras to leave London. Thomas would be willing to leave London with Mithras, if the characters swear (and convince Thomas they mean it) to protect the artifacts to perpetuity. It's even possible the characters will sympathize with Pater 
   
Thomas, since he is the only person who genuinely loves Mithras as opposed to worshiping him. Wits + Insight at Difficulty 3 reveals Pater Thomas's feelings for Mithras are genuine, and that he believes Mithras' for him are genuine as well. 
   From here, this scene could go in one of two ways. The characters might convince Pater Thomas to act as their advocate. Mithras is furious that Thomas is being used again, as he hates to see the man he loves manipulated and abused this way. However, when Pater Thomas asks him to leave London so they can be together, Mithras ultimately relents. While Queen Anne and Justicar Parr will not return the artifacts, they solemnly vow the artifacts will be protected - if Thomas drives a hard bargain, the characters can even persuade Queen Anne to return two artifacts of their choice to Mithras. Mithras's lust for power is boundless, but the methuselah knows how to wait - eventually, he knows, Queen Anne will slip up and then he'll come back for the artifacts.
  As a second option, however, the characters might use de Camden as bait to set an ambush and attack Mithras. If so, they need to go through the moves detailed under Option 1 as if they were siding with Mithras. Queen Anne gives them a copy of the seal however, rather than the real one, so the ritual of rebirth will fail. Mithras will be anxious that Pater Thomas isn't present, but instead has the Heralds anoint the items and dress him - best to regain his power now, and then find his lover from wherever he's being kept. Mithras' concern for de Camden makes him incautious, and causes him to miss the signs of the coterie's treachery. Rather than a glorious sunlight, the room remains dim. 
   Mithras is furious, and now realizes the characters' ploy. 
   "How dare you stand against me, when we stood together for so many ages as loyal friends? Was the friendship of a God not enough for you? Was the loyalty and trust I have shown you not what you wanted? I thought you better than this. Now you will learn the price such a betrayal has earned you!"
   
  
  However, the failed ritual disturbed Mithras' psyche, and Monty Coven manages to take control for a moment. He calls on his pack to end the methuselah, knowing full well it will also kill him - Monty will no longer have his body be puppeteered by this monster. He also tries to exert what control he has over Mithras, subtracting 1 success from any tests the Storyteller makes on Mithras' behalf for the rest of the scene.
   This fight against Mithras should be one for the ages, with the methuselah believing himself invincible even as he fights for survival, and Monty's pack as temporary allies. Being less concerned for their own safety, the pack moves closer and takes the brunt of Mithras' rage, giving the characters a chance to survive if they play it smart.
   Mithras does not relent or flee. If the coterie and pack destroy him, the Storyteller should take a moment to read the players - if they're spoiling for more combat, the pack turns on the characters; otherwise they make a run for it with their goal completed. 
   When the characters return to Queen Anne they can ask any price for having destroyed Mithras - she will grants them domain, status, or safe passage out of London. Justicar Parr will provide what Queen Anne cannot. They might ask for domain and stay to fight Antigen, or ask for safe passage out. Either way, the choice is now theirs.
THE TWISTING KNIFE
Mithras was a God, possibly born in Ancient Persia, a testament of bygone ages - and the characters destroyed him. For what? A Prince who consistently outmaneuvered Kindred far older and more powerful than she? What happens when she decides the coterie is a threat too? If they even survive long enough to see Queen Anne turn on them, because for now the nights hold nothing but endless fights against Antigen. 
Option 3: The Greatest 
Treachery (Backing Operation Antigen)
Among all the evil creatures who could take charge of London, the coterie would rather see them all dead and Operation Antigen the victor. The characters are willing to let Operation Antigen eradicate the Kindred of London, and even aid them.
   In this scenario, the characters made a deal with Operation Antigen, either through a contact they made in the scenario - the Hunter's Ball at the British Museum is excellent for this - or after their meeting with Sarah Chou. Calling their contact and arranging a meeting to surrender themselves, they are taken under heavily armed escort to meet Commander Diaz. Diaz is willing to grant them amnesty in exchange for the location of Mithras and any other remaining Kindred in London. 
   The meeting takes place on a patch of waste ground awaiting construction in Brixton, and Diaz brings her elite team (four combatants, one doctor) to meet with 
C h A P T E R 6 - g O D S & M O n ST E RS
them. Her demeanor is very methodical and business-like, and the coterie may find it intimidating to meet the person who organized such an effective mass destruction of Kindred. She will not attack unless they attack her, or if they turn down her offer. 
   Diaz demands the coterie delivers Mithras to her, and further submits to a tracker inserted under their skin and to a series of painful but not permanently damaging medical tests. In return, the characters are free to do as they like, with the exception of killing or leaving London, and no Operation Antigen hunter will attack them (they can detect which Kindred have the tracker). This is not a great deal, surrendering their freedom for the sake of safety. However, the characters can get a better bargain by selling out more Kindred to Antigen. If the characters give Diaz information, even on a few minor Kindred they can get out of some of the medical tests. If they sell out an elder like Queen Anne or any of the Primogen, they won't be tested. If they prove their cooperation by delivering a multitude of IC0s, Diaz promises the tags will be removed after a year of good behavior. Wits + Insight at Difficulty 3 reveals that Diaz is not completely honest with the cote rie. The same test at Difficulty 4 lets the character pick up snippets of words between Diaz' agents that refer to a DI Khan who both outranks Diaz and is extremely skeptical about this bar gain - a skepticism some of Diaz' team incidentally share.
   
  If the characters agree to the deal, one of Diaz' agents inserts the tracker on site. The tag is implanted with a pneumatic gun and sits almost on the heart, making it hard - but not impossible, with an Intelligence + Medicine test at Difficulty 6 - to remove without potentially sending the Kindred into torpor. The coterie might turn down Diaz' offer, at which point she and her team move to destroy them. The coterie has an even chance of winning the fight, though killing Diaz and her team draws the enmity of DI Khan, who was skeptical but willing to let Diaz try her hand at a deal with IC0s. Unless the coterie has a powerful Kindred patron to hide them, such as Mithras, Queen Anne, or Justicar Parr, they're unlikely to survive the personal ire of Khan beyond a few nights.
   Once the deal is struck, the characters have a few moments to let what they have done sink in. They might feel guilty for selling out their own kind, or elated they can be part of the plan to destroy them all. They need to deliver Mithras to Antigen, which they can do by using Pater Thomas or the artifacts to lure him to the Mithraeum (as per Option 2) and having Antigen agents lie in ambush in the 
Bucklersby basement. Taking down 
Pater Thomas in his home, and then Mithras at the Mithraeum, allows Antigen to better pace the fight and suffer fewer losses. So long as they do not give Mithras all the artifacts, though, this is a fight Antigen can win. The characters can choose whether to join the fight, or sit this one out. If they choose the latter, they never learn if Diaz destroyed Mithras or took him into custody - that's need to know information, and the coterie is nowhere near that clearance. If they're present, however, they see Antigen agents stake Mithras, at heavy losses to themselves, and prep him for transport to 'a facility'.Given everything - and everyone - Mithras knows, the coterie just kicked off the largest global hunt for Kindred since the Medieval era.
  Now the coterie must choose whether to lead Diaz to additional targets. They can find out the location of Queen Anne and Justicar Parr through the number Lady Scarlett gave them, pretending to side with Queen Anne. More importantly, though, they can give up any number of other Kindred. They know the current locations of Najma Elmi (Roti Moto), Ayse Dhanial (Blue Monsoon), 
Daria (Mortlake Theatre), Regina Blake (The Trunk), Z (well, they know the general underground area he's at), and they can call Gabriella and Adisa to arrange a false meeting. The more Kindred they give up, the better Antigen treats them. Diaz compliments them, saying even DI Khan is now convinced of their usefulness. If the Storyteller wants to make this betrayal feel more personal, Diaz forces them to accompany an Antigen on a raid to ensure their information checks out. The characters receive the equipment and Antigen soldiers they need, and the freedom to slaughter and diablerize as much as they like - they're the hunters now. 

   
THE TWISTING KNIFE Diaz is true to her word, but behind her looms the threat of DI Khan who might yet pull the coterie's amnesty. If any survivors take word back to the Camarilla of the coterie's betrayal, they quickly find themselves on the Red List. The greatest knife twist here, though, should be all the Kindred they betrayed, especially the ones who treated them fairly throughout The Fall of London.
Option 4: To Take a City (Claim Praxis) 
The characters decide they are the lesser evil who should rule London. Seizing praxis requires a lot of clever politics from the characters, along with removing both Mithras and Queen Anne from London. 
  They need to be proactive here - simply laying low until the dust settles takes years, and likely sees either Mithras or Queen Anne survive. They can make a deal with Mithras - they know Pater Thomas is planning a move to Edinburgh, so they can restore the methuselah to power and offer to rule the city as loyal vassals in his absence. They can also strike a deal with Antigen and rule the ashes when all is done. Or, they can try to remove any of the elders themselves. The description for this Option assumes the latter, but the Storyteller can use Option 1 to lead to a deal with Mithras, or Option 3 to lead to a deal with Antigen.
   If the characters can kill Mithras, they prove powerful and immediately put themselves on the list of potential Princes of Lon-
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
don. Intelligence + Occult at Difficulty 4 reveals that giving Mithras a fake artifact might contaminate the ritual enough to leave him weakened. If they do this, Monty Coven reasserts himself long enough to sabotage Mithras, either by calling on his pack to kill him, or by using Mithras' knowledge to glean a contact number for Antigen and call the hunters on himself. Even so, the characters should join the fight to make sure the methuselah is truly destroyed - Monty's pack might be enough to tip the scales, but can't take down Mithras alone.
   They can destroy Queen Anne's ambition without a fight, by confiding in Justicar Parr they believe she's unfit to rule. They don't even need to persuade Parr of their arguments against Queen Anne, because that's not what convinces Parr. Queen Anne's claim to the throne of London relies on two things: she's not Mithras (who has proven far too difficult for the Camarilla to control) and the Kindred of London follow her. The characters speaking up against her immediately belies the second, and Parr (and through her the Camarilla) won't prop up a weak Prince. This earns the undying enmity of Queen Anne, but the elder Ventrue has always been the ultimate survivor - and she knows she can't hold off Antigen and the Camarilla.
   Other contenders for the throne are Edward Bainbridge (Tremere) and Reginald Moore (Brujah). Luckily the Tremere-Brujah alliance is a fragile one, and it won't take much for it to break down. The coterie can sabotage some of the alliance's missions against Antigen by seeding bad information with Manipulation + Subterfuge at Difficulty 4, or joining a mission and scuttling it undetected with the same roll at Difficulty 3. If they choose the latter, the Storyteller should run them through a mission similar to Spider in a Web (from Red Lists and Red Caps), but have them deliberately lose their rescued target to Antigen - a Kindred they care about, like Najma, Adisa, or Daria, should do nicely. The coterie should also seed rumors about Bainbridge planning to betray Moore, and vice versa, with Manipulation + Subterfuge at Difficulty 5, or Charisma + Persuasion at Difficulty 4, though the latter test leads the rumors back to the coterie. Calling on Ayse Dhanial to help seed rumors amid the Tremere, or Chun Hei to do the same among the Brujah, reduces the Difficulty by 1. 
If the characters remove Mithras, Queen Anne, 
Bainbridge, and Moore from contention for the throne, Justicar Parr backs their claim to London. They've proven themselves determined and resourceful, and Parr doesn't want them to remove any more of the assets the Camarilla needs to reclaim London.
   Option 4 will be the most protracted and player driven. It is not up to the Storyteller to hand them the city, but it is the Storyteller's role to reward clever strategy and give the coterie a fair chance. 
   The Twisting Knife: The characters have claimed London - a war zone under siege by Operation Antigen, which shows no signs of letting up. They just consigned themselves to years, if not decades, of nightly fights and skulking around in the shadows. 
Option 5: Cutting all Ties (Making a Run)
The characters may just decide London is far too dangerous, and they need to get out of the city. It is either the sensible option, or the coward's way out, depending on your point of view. Unfortunately, leaving the city at this point is a lot harder than it seems. Operation Antigen has taken enough control of the airports and docks to ensure any coffin sized boxes don't leave the country without being checked. Random searches are also being carried out on any trains, vehicles, and 
   
"Let's blow 
this JOINT."
- UnnAMED AnARCh SURVIVOR
large lorries carrying goods out of the city. Infrared cameras can detect any IC0s through their lower body temperatures. However, Operation Antigen can't be everywhere and London is far too large (and economically important) to cut off completely.
   The characters can escape by siding with a powerful patron - Mithras per Option 1, or Queen Anne in Option 2 - and asking for transport from London as part of their reward.
  The description below, however, assumes the coterie seeks to leave London without making any more monstrous bargains.
   The characters are free to make their own arrangements, and the Storyteller should run with that. For example, if the characters try to leave by road they will have to avoid numerous checkpoints. London is in a state of "high terrorist alert", and Antigen agents are openly checking vehicles at points along most of the major routes out of the city. The characters may be lucky (or have a very clever plan) and not get stopped, but if they are, things get messy very quickly. Each checkpoint has several armed Operation 
Antigen agents expertly trained to take down any IC0 they find as long as it doesn't endanger civilians. Taking mortal hostages forces the agents to keep their distance, though then the characters still need to shake them later. However, the small size of Britain aids any escape attempts once past the checkpoints. Once out of the city, the characters can be in a major city in around two to three hours. Even getting to Edinburgh takes about seven to nine hours. Back among a larger population, the characters can lie low away from Antigen eyes.
   Asking any other Kindred about leaving London, though, quickly leads to Violet Mary and Oscar Anasov running an escape route. The pair know all the best ways to slip out of London, and are running a very profitable line in smuggling Kindred past Antigen checkpoints. If the characters made any contacts among the Nosferatu, they can contact Anasov to make use of this service. Otherwise, Regina Blake or Lady Scarlett can get them Violet's contact information. 
   Escape involves walking through the sewers until they reach an outflow pipe outside the city. If the Storyteller wants to roleplay this trip, they can use any unused encounters from 'Additional Encounters in the Underground' (What Hides Beneath, Scene Three) or 'Additional Story Hooks' (also What Hides Beneath) or 'The Underground' (Red Lips and Red Caps, Scene Four). Once at the outflow pipe, a small boat waits to them round the coast to either Newcastle or even Edinburgh. However, this service is not free and the characters will need to have something to trade. Information is good - they know a lot about Mithras' plans, Gwenllian planning to conquer London for herself, or even any number of smaller secrets they uncovered during this scenario. If they still have them, any of the artifacts serve as a good trade as well. If the coterie revealed de Worde's Blood Sorcery to Clan Nosferatu in What Hides Beneath, Anasov even waves payment despite Violet's protestations.
   The Twisting Knife: The coterie escaped London. Now what? They can't really believe Antigen will stop at London - this was just a first staging ground, and nowhere is truly safe. Whichever city they travel to will also have its own Kindred population not keen on taking in any London refugees - what if the hunters are still following them? The real hurt though, comes from severing all ties with allies, contacts, and Touchstones who are surely under Antigen watch.
Aftermath
For good or ill, the characters decided where their allegiance lies. However, they still need to answer the question they asked at the beginning - who are they? Even if an elder of the Mithraic Mysteries recounted their history to them, the still don't remember it all. Now, at the end of everything, we get to find out what they have become. Have they uncovered enough about who they were to restore their old memories, or have they lost themselves to their Elder Drive and become a twisted copy of an ancient monster? Perhaps they have found a way to make a balance and become something new.
The Past
Throughout The Fall of London, the Storyteller should ideally have noted when a character confronted a situation in a way either their old self or their imprinted elder might deal with it. The players and Storyteller should also discuss how the characters behaved. They can remind each other of moments they may have forgotten, which conformed to one personality over the other. Adding up these moments will offer a picture of which personality is asserting itself. 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 


   

   
EPILOGUE	
a desolate city
   
"I don't believe there is a single person I loved that I didn't eventually betray." - albeRT CaMUs, THe fall
M
ore than seven years on from the events of this chronicle, the city of London remains a dangerous place for vampires. 
            Common rumors would have visitors believe that the domain is now entirely free of Kindred, and that it is too risky a place to stay for long, but the truth is a little less clear cut. The danger is very real, but vampires who take the appropriate safety measures - and who do not upset the few remaining residents - may be able to get by. 
   Although Operation Antigen was successful in destroying over 100 of the Kindred residents of the city, and despite many more fleeing the city in fear of their safety, a minority - who were either too clever or too inconsequential to be identified by Antigen - decided to remain.
   They are predominantly thin-bloods, Toreador, and Nosferatu vampires, some too stubborn or too emo tionally attached to leave their homes behind despite the risk. Others treat the ongoing threat of Operation Antigen as an intellectual challenge to outwit, or as a social phenomenon to be carefully studied. A few have other more esoteric reasons for staying. They are all, however, united in their skill at avoiding detection, and their genuine desire to remain incognito. These Kindred are hard to find, and entirely unwelcoming of strangers who might upset 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
ed, with local Kindred claiming small domains as Landlords. The Compact requires all Landlords to recognize each other's absolute authority, but it also requires them to assist each other in times of need, and to offer no sanctuary to criminals or malcontents. 
   This also means there is no Court, no Sheriff, and no Primogen, although in many domains a single coterie may work together, delegating responsibilities to different members for the benefit of the group. London's vampires are fiercely territorial, and with no higher authority to offer protection, weak Kindred do not last long against their stronger rivals. 
Operation Antigen
The success of Operation Antigen has been quietly celebrated in Westminster and Whitehall. The supernatural criminal conspiracy has been dismantled, and the leaders have been summarily executed. Their catspaws have been interrogated, and they now face a lengthy spell in prison without a public trial. 
   While the closing phases of the operation were subject to press scrutiny, the appearance, behavior, and abilities of the prime suspects have been ascribed to a new wave of illegal synthetic drugs, and their motivations put down to obscure political fanaticism. The tendrils of influence of the Newburgh Group spread widely, and its members have not been above the use of intimidation, coercion, blackmail, and murder to keep the truth out of the public eye. 
   While the success of the operation has bred a certain level of confidence within the ranks, the operation's leadership understand the need for continued and constant vigilance. Ultimately the IC0 problem is biological - and like all diseases, the threat of repeat infection remains. To this end, many of the protocols instituted during the crisis remain in force. Airports and major transport hubs continue to be monitored with infrared cameras, Xscopes and sniffer dogs. All senior civil servants, police superintendents, and military commanders are still subjected to regular blood screens and psychometric tests. GCHQ continues to monitor public communications and will act upon any suspicious intelligence. Khan's ECTU team may be reduced 
in size, but are still vital in tracking, apprehending, and destroying suspects revealed by this data. 
   The data gathered by Operation Antigen has been shared on secure FIRSTLIGHT channels, helping to inform the governments of other countries how to approach the same threat. The Arcanum and the Sunrise Group have also benefited greatly from the success of the operation, and both intend to put the secrets they have learned researching the IC0 phe nomenon to good use. 
   Closer to home, the Newburgh Group has started to think about the wider problem of the United Kingdom's national security. The 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
IC0 epidemic is not restricted to London alone, and evidence collected from Antigen raids identifies names and addresses in all the major metropolitan centers of the UK, with many references to Manchester, Birmingham, and Liverpool. Personnel previously attached to Antigen in London have been relocated to start similar work in these other cities. Local assets are being screened, trained, and put to work. Agents and informants linked to the conspiracy are being monitored, questioned, and arrested. The Newburgh Group's ultimate goal is to rid the entire United King dom of IC0 influence and infestation.
   These lofty ambitions will, however, be difficult to realize. In London, Operation Antigen had the benefit of surprise, and it also capitalized on the prime intelligence provided anonymously by Mithras and Roger de Camden. The Kindred of the other cities of across the UK are now aware and forewarned of the threat Operation Antigen poses and will not be caught unawares. Those that escaped London in time will share their lessons learnt. Many will deploy new levels of security, employing false identities, and proxy agents, while taking care to avoid surveillance and modern communications. Those Kindred too weak or too foolish to evade capture will be offered up as useful distractions, and will not be mourned by their peers. 
The Modern Cult of Mithras
Various forms of the Mithraic Mysteries existed long be fore the founding of the Roman Empire. With Mithras serving as god of law, loyalty, and bargains, he was popular with soldiers, merchants, bureaucrats, and custom officials, freedmen, and slaves. The cult prospered in Rome, and different cells have existed independently, operating in secret and hidden from one another. Even now Mithras prefers to keep his followers segregated, with multiple cells operating even in the same cities. Although Pater Thomas may be responsible for the largest temple - and is clearly favored by the methuselah - only Mithras himself has ever known the full extent of the cult's membership and influence. 
   In ancient times the Mysteries were populated mostly by mortals from all walks of life. While membership provided easy access to a new social network, many Cultists were keen to curry favor with, and receive the blessing of, the god Mithras himself. After the fall of the Roman Empire and the rise of Christianity, the Mithraic Cult persisted as an underground movement more focused around vampire activity. Levels of membership were still available to mortals but were increasingly used to groom loyal servitors and future progeny for the Cult's more senior Kindred members. Loyal vampire cultists were tantalized with the prospect of meeting the Methuselah himself and taking strength and wisdom from the gift of his vitae.
   As the centuries passed, the cult spread far around Europe, and Mithras was forced to rely heavily on trusted subordinates to keep all the cells active. However, he continued to play his role in keeping his own myth resonant, repeatedly leaving his favorite haven in Britain - also the modern headquarters of the Cult - to visit other Mithraic cells located around western Europe and the Mediterranean. 
   While the Mysteries were in their prime in the 19th century, from the 1940s they fell into decline. After the public announcement and acceptance of Mithras's destruction, a large proportion of members abandoned the Cult, resulting in a steep decline of power and influence. Some of the Cult's more emotional members were too overcome by grief, while other, more pragmatic members simply took the loss as a sign that perhaps the Ventrue wasn't really a god after all. Others splintered off to form their own independent cult cells, rationalizing events in their own ways, or using the local temple as their personal base of power. Only the most zealous and loyal members clung to the "true faith", nurtured by Pater Thomas in London, who promised them that all was not lost, and that their master would one night return. Many of these most faithful members were Ventrue of Mithras's own lineage. 
   Roger de Camden - as Pater Thomas - continues to lead the largest Mithraic cell in the modern night from a new temple headquarters in Edinburgh. Loyal followers and important relics were transferred clandestinely from London over a decade ago, before the events of this chronicle first began. At Mithras' own 
THe Real MITHRaeUM
The development of Walbrook Square in central London that began over a decade ago has since been completed. On the site there now stands a new building complex owned and controlled by Bloomberg, an international corporation and privately held organization involved in the finance, software, data, and media industries. 
   The site boasts two five-story office blocks that stand separately, but which are joined by a glass atrium which covers a central walkway and the main entrance to the northernmost block. Most of ground floor space of both buildings is otherwise given over to shops and restaurants. all the building space above the ground floor is devoted to offices and meeting spaces, most of which are used by Bloomberg themselves. 
   There is another door at the foot of the northern block, which is the entrance to the Mithraeum, a small museum which is open to the public and free to visit every day from 10 AM until 6 PM, excluding Mondays. Constructed at Bloomberg's own expense and incorporated into the foundations of the building, the Mithraeum leads visitors through two layers of basement, and past informational displays and cabinets of archaeological artefacts, to an underground chamber where the stone foundations of the original Roman Temple of Mithras are laid out. Visitors are treated to an audiovisual display which attempts to evoke the atmosphere of the original temple at the height of its use. 
originally discovered when the site was exca-
vated in the 1950s, to lay the foundations of bucklersbury house (the previous structure built on the site that was demolished a decade ago to make way for the Bloomberg development), when that building was completed the ruins were enshrined in concrete in the forecourt and left exposed to the open air. When the site was redeveloped, the temple remains were temporarily placed in storage until the Bloomberg complex was completed, when they were eventually enshrined in their new location.
   While it is occasionally used for private functions, in the evenings the Mithraeum is normally closed, and the door is alarmed and monitored by both CCTV and human security teams. furthermore, the newburgh group are aware of the site's historical and supernatural significance, and are quick to respond to any unusual goings on. Therefore, it is a place rarely frequented by vampires, and those that do are likely to encounter considerable peril.
   
instruction, Roger has begun seeding rumors that the ancient Ventrue has risen again to claim the domain of Edinburgh. Leaders of surviving cult cells around the rest of Europe are now expected to provide information and resources to aid the Mysteries in the battle to come. Followers who return to the fold with regret in their hearts are to be welcomed. Those who turned their backs on the true faith are to be punished, along with the methuselah's many enemies. 
   The cult still maintains a presence in London, led by the Toreador Rose Abawi. This cell must be especially careful - inviting Kindred to congregate together in worship is not only a direct violation of the Compact, but it also greatly increases the risk of being discovered by Operation Antigen. 
The Fate of Mithras
Depending on how this chronicle has ended for your troupe of players, it has the potential to impact your World of Darkness setting in a variety of different ways. 
Mithras as King
If the PCs aided the Ventrue in fully completing the 
Ritual of Transferring the Soul, then he is at peak Blood Potency, and is therefore an unstoppable force in the Kindred world. He eventually forces all the Princes of the cities of the United Kingdom to bend the knee, and those that refuse will be destroyed and replaced. Although London may be too dangerous a place to inhabit, Mithras still claims the territory as his own. With a new order in Avalon, the ancient Ventrue eventually turns his attention to Europe. The Mithraic mystery cults will be invigorated, and the most faithful will be rewarded. The Camarilla will send embassies to honor the methuselah's authority, and to better understand his future intentions. 
Mithras as Kindred
If Mithras survived, but was not given the opportunity to complete the Ritual of Transferring the Soul then he is less powerful, and less able to take power from the other Kindred of Britain. He appears in secret to the loyal followers of the Cult, but will not declare himself publicly to avoid giving his enemies the upper hand. Under the guise of Monty Coven, he gathers allies from the Anarchs to attack and undermine the Princes of Avalon, one city at a time. The Camarilla will declare Monty Coven Anathema, which will cause more dissidents to flock to his side, feeding into his plans. Mithras eventually controls Britain, but it is the outcome of a much harder journey, paid for in toil and blood. 
Mithras as Martyr
If the characters or the forces of Operation Antigen successfully destroyed Mithras in your story, his memory will survive him. The various Mithraic cult cells - led by Pater Thomas - seek to ensure that his name, his plans, and his legacy are not forgotten. True believers of the Mysteries will continue to worship the methuselah as an invisible deity - no longer tangible, but still spiritually present in all things. The Kindred Princes of Avalon will still be encouraged to pledge their loyalty to the Cult and will be punished if they do not. As the characters will be some of the very few who know the truth, if they do not pledge renewed fealty to the Mysteries, and to Pater Thomas, then they will be marked as enemies of the organization to be destroyed at all costs. 
Mithras as Myth
Another possible outcome is that Mithras survives the events of this chronicle, but then abandons his plans, his allies, and his home to heed the call of the Beckoning. In this case, events are likely to play out in a similar manner to the last option, except that Thomas will be proceeding with their plans with the hope that one night the methuselah will return to reward his followers and claim the spoils of their work. 
Future Chronicles
For the PCs that survive the chronicle described in this book, there are many possibilities regarding how their story might continue. 
Heralds of the Sun
The characters were once loyal Heralds of the Sun. If they proved their worth by aiding Mithras and the cult in their time of need, then they will be welcomed by Thomas and his allies in the Scottish city of Edinburgh, who will have further use for them. 
   In fact, Storytellers who want to pick up the story up in real time may wish to embroil the characters in the conflict that quickly descends on this city. When the Mysteries first relocate to Edinburgh, the domain is still a staunch Toreador stronghold. The local Kindred will not take kindly to a coup by fanatics loyal to Mithras, and they will not go down without a fight. 
   Alternatively, the characters could be sent away as ambassadors to renew ties with other branches of the cult network located elsewhere in Britain or Europe. Or they could be sent to destroy former members in other domains who have gone rogue, and who now refuse to accept the authority of Mithras - or Thomas if the methuselah has been destroyed - as the head of the wider organization. 
Heretics against the Sun
The characters may be angry about being used by members of the cult for their own ends, and learning more about the Cult's motives and plans, they may see a threat to Kindred society that needs to be stopped. When the coup begins in Edinburgh, the characters could prove instrumental in stopping Thomas's cell from taking full control of the domain. Alternatively, they may journey to other domains to stop the work of other cult cells in these places. 
Establish Domain in London
Rather than getting involved in politics, the characters may prefer to keep their heads down and put down some roots. Staying in London is a risky proposition, of course, due to the ongoing work of Operation Antigen and the Newburgh Group. However, the coterie has witnessed the work of these hunters already, and they may therefore be savvy enough to stay off their radar. 
   If the characters do decide to stay, then good sequel stories can be spun out from their choices and activities. What area will they claim for themselves? Is that area already occupied by any vampires? How will they get on with any neighboring Kindred landlords? How will they cope with trespassers? How will they feed and sustain themselves? What will they do if a hapless vampire draws the attention of hunters to their doorstep? What can they find out about the King of Shadows and any other prominent Kindred? 
Oppose Operation Antigen
After many encounters with the agents of Operation Antigen in this chronicle, and the subsequent destruction of Queen Anne by their forces in 2013, the characters may be genuinely concerned about the growing counter-conspiracy in the mortal world that is determined to eradicate vampires from London and the rest of the United Kingdom. They may feel that it is their duty to investigate these hunters further and find some method of deterring them. Who are the leaders of this effort? Can they be reached? Can they be bargained with? If not, would their deaths achieve anything? The coterie may also wish to help spread the news of the 
   
threat to other Kindred domains in the UK or abroad - London was the first city to fall, but it certainly won't be the last. 
Work with Operation Antigen
Another possible outcome of this chronicle is that the characters are on favorable terms with Antigen agents, and that they have been granted some form of stay of execution in return for the information and assistance they can provide in hunting other vampires. They may even have been instrumental in Queen Anne's downfall themselves. The coterie may find themselves under continuing pressure to provide new intelligence, or to face the wrath of the hunters themselves. They may also attempt duplicity, using their work for Antigen as a smokescreen, to allow an 'underground railroad' of vampires to make it out of the city safely. If the hunters know their faces and their identities, however, then regardless of their intentions they will never be truly free again. 
Surviving Kindred of London
Below is a selection of vampire residents that your players could meet if you tell stories in modern London, after the fall of Queen Anne's court. 
Adisa
The Banu Haqim survived due to her knowledge of London and combat prowess. She rules as Landlord over a middle-sized domain. She has no regrets about leaving the Camarilla behind, as their rules never much suited her anyway. 
Ayse Dhanial
Ayse remains in London as nominal agent for House Carna, though she has recently turned her thoughts to raising House Dhanial - after all, which Tremere knows more about surviving in London that she herself?
Henry Miers
A Ventrue Landlord of modest generation who claims to be of Mithras's lineage (although not affiliated with the Mysteries). Miers believes that he has the right to inherit the entirety of the domain, and that the title of Prince of London should be reinstated. 
Johnny Gallagher
An ambitious Brujah Anarch from Manchester, Johnny has travelled to London with his crew in the wake of the fall of the city, with plans to carve out a Barony of his own. He has little experience with Operation Antigen, however, and local Kindred do not expect him to last very long. 
   
Najma Elmi
Najma survived the Fall of London, collecting most remaining thinbloods under her rule. Together they pose a formidable front, and have claimed praxis of Southall.
Oskar Anasov
Ever the survivor, Oskar's knowledge of spy craft has helped him evade capture, and he now maintains the local Kindred communication network by carrier pigeon. He is also a reliable contact for getting other Kindred safely out of the city - for a price. 
Rowena
The Irish Gangrel warrior survived the purge of London's Kindred and now keeps to the Barrens. She has struck up an uneasy truce with some local lupines, who have been similarly targeted by hunters recently. She and her allies want nothing to do with Kindred politics, but could be useful in any future fight against the agents of Operation Antigen. 
Rose Abawi
The Toreador progeny of the former Keeper of Elysium, Regina Blake, Rose is a loyal acolyte of Mithras who spearheads his ongoing interests in London. Although her sire is missing and presumed destroyed, she continues to search, and holds some hope that Blake may be safely found some night. 
Z
Z survived in the Nosferatu's hidden underground, and has even managed to rise to some importance as courier ferrying messages between Landlords.
The King of Shadows
Rumor has it they ruled London's darkest places even before the fall of Queen Anne's court. If Richard de Worde survived his encounter with the coterie, this might be him. Otherwise, it must be another Nosferatu now claiming the underground tunnel network of the city center as their own. Cleverly working through what seems like a legion of proxies and servants, few have ever met this self-proclaimed king. They claim no allegiance to the Camarilla or any other sect, and have little concerns outside of the city itself. Although commonly thought to be a Nosferatu, nobody really knows for sure. In fact, if the coterie chose to rule London together, the characters might be sharing the mask of the King of Shadows ¦
Appendix I: 
London in Stories
   
This appendix focuses only on some essential details that can help Storytellers add authenticity to additional games set in London, or indeed expanding The Fall of London if the coterie wishes to abandon the charted path. This information has been compiled to represent London circa the year 2012, which is the period setting for this chronicle. Please bear in mind when conducting your own research that in the last decade the city has continued to change and evolve. 
   London is one of the largest and most cosmopolitan cities in the world. In 2012 a government census recorded a population of over 8 million people, comprising of well over 100 different nationalities, with many different religious persuasions. Boris Johnson is still Mayor.
   As well as the political and economic capital of the United Kingdom, modern London is also a world leader in many industries, including financial services, business consultancy, data analytics, and software development. Additionally, the city is a cultural treasure trove, boasting some of the best museums and galleries, and a rich and varied nightlife. London's artistic culture has remained strong for over a century, and many famous authors, painters, and musicians are known to have made the city their home. All of this makes London a hot tourist destination, with millions of new visitors flocking to it every year. 
a DaRKeR WoRlD 
The version of london presented in this book is fictional, adapted to tell our story, and to better represent the World of Darkness. While care has been taken to portray the city realistically, and real-world organizations and locations may be referenced, either directly or in fictionalized form, the reader should understand that these may be different in real-life, and that no insult or offense is intended by the authors.
   Providing a high level of detail on every aspect of London's history and geography from the point of view of a mortal human is well beyond the scope of this book. However, Storytellers will find no shortage of resources in print and online to further their research.
London in Fiction
The city of London is a prominent setting in many books, TV shows and feature films. Knowing these references can be useful inspiration in aid of bringing your The Fall of London chronicle to life. The list below includes some standouts and some favorites but should not be considered exhaustive. 
In Print
London by Edward Rutherford, Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman, The Rivers of London by Ben Aaronovitch, Un Lun Dun by China Miéville, Full 
Dark House by Christopher Fowler, Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens, 
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde, Dracula by Bram Stoker. 
On TV
The Bill, EastEnders, London's Burning, 
The Sweeney, Hustle, Line of Duty, 
Sherlock, Penny Dreadful, New Tricks, Waking the Dead, Bulletpoof, Misfits.
In Film
Performance (Donald Cammell & 
Nicolas Roeg 1970), Raw Meat/Death 
Line (Gary Sherman 1972), The Long 
Good Friday (John McKenzie 1980), 
Babylon (Franco Rosso 1980), An 
American Werewolf in London (John 
Landis 1981), My Beautiful Laundrette 
(Stephen Frears 1985), Naked (Mike 
Leigh 1993), Nil By Mouth (Gary 
Oldman 1997), Lock, Stock and Two 
Smoking Barrels (Guy Ritche 1998), 
Notting Hill (Roger Michel 1999), 
28 Days Later (Danny Boyle 2002), 
Wonderland (James Cox 2003), Creep 
(Christopher Smith 2004), Eastern 
Promises (David Cronenberg 2007), 
Harry Brown (Daniel Barber 2009). 
   
Getting Around London
Visitors new to London will quickly become overwhelmed with the size and complexity of the city's landscape. The oldest parts of London in the city center are particularly maze-like, where office blocks of glass and steel jostle for space next to ancient stone churches and other buildings that hail from earlier periods of history. The suburbs are less densely built, but the streets can seem similar and interchangeable to newcomers. Without a map it can be very easy to lose your bearings. Despite the best intentions of many who have tried to exert their will over the centuries, the city has never conformed to a plan. Tourists used to grid or 'checker-board style' city layouts find this particularly bewildering. 
   Exploring the city on foot is always an option, but it would take all night just to walk the breadth of it. While it is possible to drive your own vehicle on London's roads, most people avoid this because public parking spaces are scarce and extortionately expensive. 
   Most people instead favor public transport options. In fact, the city's continuing prosperity has been a direct result of its advanced transport infrastructure, much of which was first designed and built in the Victorian era. 
The Tube
The London Underground or "Tube" is the quickest way to traverse the city quickly. Although it 
RelYInG on MoDeRn 
TeCHnoloGY
In 2019 everyone has a smartphone, and services such as Google Maps are only one finger-tap away. In 2012 mobile phones were much simpler devices, though, and while Google Maps did exist, it was much more difficult to access while on the move. 
also consider that the 
pregenerated characters in this chronicle have been in torpor for 70 years. While they should know what a telephone is, they will not have seen a mobile phone before, and they will have never heard of the Internet. When it comes to researching their surroundings, they are much more likely to ask for information on the street, or to seek out a public library than reach for an electronic device.
runs deep underground in the city center, over 50% of the network - mostly in the outer suburbs - lies above ground. Services are generally reliable and run from early morning until around midnight, with individual trains typically departing every three to 15 minutes. During the rush hours of 7 AM-9 AM and 5 PM-7 PM the services are especially busy with commuters travelling to and from jobs in the 
A P P E n D I x
city center, and many people are forced to wait on platforms until there is room to get on the next train. Note that the Night Tube -  a reduced service that runs all night only on Friday and Saturday nights - is not launched by Transport for London until 2014. 
London Buses
London's buses are easily distinguished by their distinctive red color, and many are "double-deckers" with additional seating above the driver. Currently there are thousands of vehicles serving hundreds of different numbered routes, on schedules that stop every 10 to 30 minutes. The buses have two major advantages. They travel through many places that the Tube does not, and some of them become Night Buses which continue late into the night after most other transport systems have stopped. The buses, however, are a much slower mode of transport, and in the rush hours due to heavy traffic they can slow to a crawl. 
London Overground & National Rail
In addition to the Tube, there are more traditional rail networks which reach out into London's suburbs. An Overground service encircles many outer areas of the city in a loop, and other train services strike outwards using the national rail network to connect London to other towns outside the city limits. For residents who live south of the Thames river, 
   

   
where there are few Tube services, this rail system is essential. These trains run from early morning until around midnight and, again, during rush hours these services are jam-packed. They have a reputation for being more unreliable, and commonly see maintenance works and unscheduled cancellations. 
Other Public Transport Options
The Docklands Light Railway (DLR) is another rail network which connects the Docklands area of east London to London's other transport networks and runs from early morning until around midnight. River buses operate to carry pedestrian passengers up and down the length of the Thames between 5 AM and 10 PM, and in east London the Woolwich Ferry transports cars across the river between the hours of 6 PM and 8 PM. In the Croydon area of south London there is a Tramlink network which runs from 4 AM to 1 AM. In addition, there is a wide network of stations around London for the public hire of bicycles, often referred to as 'Boris Bikes' after the mayor of London Boris Johnson, who first launched the service. 
   Across all services, the transport network is broken into concentric rings called Zones which expand outwards from the city center, which is known as Zone 1. Ticketing is now mostly using the Oyster card system first introduced in 2003, where each customer purchases and tops up a special card used to tap into and out of the system. Direct 
A P P E n D I x
contactless payment of credit or debit cards can also be used to pay for single journeys. While travelcards valid for any number of journeys in a single day are available, anyone planning to stay longer than a single night should get an Oyster card or pay contactless. 
Taxi Services
Travelers that do not wish to rely on public transport - or who are out late at night after most public transport systems have stopped - may turn to private taxis. London's iconic black cabs are officially licensed to operate within the greater London area, with all drivers required to pass a qualification called the Knowledge, which demonstrates their familiarity with London's streets. Although safe and reliable, these taxis are metered and are expensive, and for this reason many people opt for local minicab services instead. Minicabs are usually private vehicles owned by the driver who take contracts from a licensed booking office. Fares can be negotiated, are often a fixed fee, and are generally cheaper than using black cabs. A recurring phenomenon of late is the unlicensed minicab, which is an unregistered driver using a private vehicle to pick up passersby off the street without using a booking office. In recent years there have been many reported incidents of unlicensed drivers ripping off passengers or sexually assaulting them, and in response local authorities now place warnings on posters in public places to alert people to these risks.
   
FA L Lfa l l o f lo n D o n O F LO N	O N
London's Nightlife
As described by Edmund Jacobie, club-owner, fixer, and raconteur.  
   
Whatever you want, whatever your taste, London is the place to be for a grand night out. Some of the best pubs and clubs are found here. All the best bands play here. Anyone who is anyone in the worlds of art, fashion, theater, and cinema needs to be here. Celebrities who seek fame for fame's sake all flock here. You're really spoilt for choice. 
   Tourists always start in the West End, mostly because that's where most of the theatres and department stores are. Soho has a seedier reputation, of course, with a row of strip clubs nestled in its heart. As you move further west to Kensington, Chelsea, and Knightsbridge it gets noticeably classier. You need real money to go out around there, but if you do, you're likely to rub shoulders with millionaires, sports personalities, and film stars. 
   For something a little more bohemian you could try the East End. Shoreditch, Hoxton, Dalston, and Hackney are full of lively, modern young people looking for a good time, and who are willing to stay up all night. Here you'll find bars with ping pong tables and classic arcade machines next to music halls offering cabaret, comedy, and burlesque. It's a great area to grab a drink while spotting wild fashion statements and eccentric hairstyles. 
   Avoid the old City for nightlife, as the place goes dead by about nine o'clock in the evening. Canary Wharf and Westminster are also frightfully dull. To be granted, there are a few nice old pubs scattered around these parts, but these are all really areas where people work, not where they go out to play. In addition, avoid most of the suburbs, where most people will be sleeping, not partying - unless sleepers are your jam, of course. 
Where London gets more inter-
esting is in respect to its subcultures. Dig beneath the skin and you will find the city is like an onion, with layer after layer of more delightful goings on. Name an activity or a pastime and - regardless of how obscure it may seem - it will undoubtedly be happening somewhere. 
  Of London's multitude of social networks, many are drawn along lines of nationality. Resident expats from a variety of countries throng together to watch sporting events and support their national teams. Pubs and clubs can skew towards certain demographics, cut by nationality, or by fashion or music tastes. London's alternative scene encompasses plenty of choices for rock, emo, goth, fetish, and Lolita aficionados. A particularly British phenomenon is the "chap," who embraces an anachronistic approach to men's fashion, including vintage tweed suits, and impeccably groomed facial hair. In less interesting areas of London, you'll find youths taking to the street to entertain themselves. Some kids hang out in late night shopping centers or find car parks or pedestrian areas to ride on their skateboards and scooters. Others congregate around parks, fast food restaurants, or go from door to door among their friends to watch TV or play console games. More unruly youths will engage in petty crime, or form gangs to sell drugs and fight over local territory. 
   
  	A P P E n D I x
   
   Behind closed doors that are many more illegal goings-on to discover. Many respectable looking hotels are hiding illegal brothels, drug-dens, or money-laundering operations. A truly underground entertainment scene also exists where you may find street racing, amateur boxing matches, dogfights, and other unsavory things. Most of these activities are owned by a myriad of organized crime gangs, who jostle constantly for territory and influence, and funnel money back to their leaders, many of which are overseas.
   London in the early morning hours before dawn can seem an eerie and tranquil place. With most public transport systems stopped, and most establishments closed, most residents will be tucked up in bed. You may find lonely crews of workers cleaning the streets or performing important maintenance work. Perhaps early morning deliveries of industrial or kitchen supplies to serve the day to come. The occasional straggling partygoer, or wandering homeless, but these are slim pickings. Those in need of sustenance are better off hunting at the beginning of the night, not the end. 
  On a more topical front, this year London has the honor of hosting the Olympic Games. Huge swathes in east London have been redeveloped especially for this event. The Olympic Park and Stadium provides many facilities for the athletic events themselves, while the new Westfield shopping mall complex site next to Stratford station draws steady visitors. The new residential tower blocks of Stratford City offer accommodation to athletes, press, and other visitors. Viewing events all over London draw in new tourists, rising far beyond even London's usual number of visitors. The bustle, chaos, and excitement make it easy to blend into night-time crowds, many of them getting in an early Olympian celebration. This is a wonderful new hunting ground that has piqued the interest of many of London's nocturnal residents. Beware, though, that a small army of volunteer staff for the games oversee everything rigorously, down to controlling flow of pedestrians crossing the roads and in and out of tube stations. Some even seem to have a talent for picking out our nocturnal residents, though so far none of them reported trouble arising from this.
lasT Call
Central to london's social scene - and british culture in general - is the public house or "pub". The oldest pubs are dark, cozy places with historic, original decor. More modern pubs vary wildly in character but are likely owned as part of a franchise or brewery chain. Common to all pubs is the open-topped bar where a variety of beers - a mix of lagers, bitters, ales and stouts - are served on tap from the barrel. More beers, wines, spirits, and soft drinks are also served from behind the bar. 
   Some pubs only serve simple food snacks, while some - dubbed "gastropubs" - seek a reputation for fine dining as well. While pubs used to be primarily drinking houses, many now offer different forms of entertainment, such as sports coverage on widescreen TV, quiz nights, music DJs, live bands, or karaoke. Upstairs or rear function rooms are commonly offered for lectures, poetry, comedy, burlesque, dancing lessons, and private parties. 
   The typical closing time of most pubs is before midnight, with last orders normally called at 11 PM. Although licensing laws were changed in 2005 to allow pubs to stay open later, many do not, or only extend their opening hours on weekends. as london's transport systems similarly wind down before midnight, only a small but dedicated clientele will continue to seek drinks after this time.
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
Law Enforcement & CRIME
As described by Detective Inspector Elliot Grant 
   
More informally called "the Met", or "the Old Bill", the Metropolitan Police service covers all 32 of London's boroughs, excluding the City, which is policed separately by the City of London Police. The Met also has many wider-reaching responsibilities, including national counterterrorism, policing the UK's largest airports, and protecting VIPs - e.g. the Royal Family, the Government, and foreign diplomats. However, we don't cover the Tube, the DLR, the Tramlink or the railways in London, which are instead policed by British Transport Police.
   Regular police officers like me begin on the street with the rank of constable, and work slowly up through the ranks to sergeant, inspector, and chief inspector. If you're lucky, and if you can handle the stress and the politics, you might go even higher to the ranks to run a station or a special unit as a superintendent. The Met isn't just formed of police officers, though - every station and unit has its own support staff. Civilians can also sign up to assist the police as volunteer Special Constables. 
of the Metropolitan Police. 
   Constables patrolling the streets (or "on the beat") will wear a working uniform of black trousers or cargo pants, with a white or black shirt and a black or neon stab-proof tactical vest or jacket over the top. Male officers normally wear a peaked cap, and female officers a small bowler hat - the famous domed helmets are a thing of the past, now reserved for formal events only. Off the beat, more specialized officers may be in "plain clothes" (from street-casual to suit-and-tie) or may wear more specialized gear relevant to their roles.
   Tasers and firearms are restricted to specially trained personnel, who will be on call to provide support to regular officers. Plain clothes detectives with suitable training may be licensed to carry a Glock pistol. Firearms officers in a protection or counter-terrorism role - also including those officers that guard London's major airports - are given a Heckler & Koch or LMT semi-automatic carbine in addition to a sidearm. In riot situations the Met may deploy smoke cannisters and baton-firing grenade launchers. In addition, the Met maintains a fleet of specialist vehicles, including bikes, cars, vans, trucks, armoured vehicles, boats, and helicopters, which can be deployed in support of its various operations. 
  One of the Met's primary responsibilities is to respond to reports of recently committed crimes and crimes in progress. Any member of the public can report an incident by dialling the emergency services number 999, which will connect them to a human operator who will gauge the seriousness of the matter and organize the appropriate response. While the Met has a target of 15 mins for first-responder teams to reach the scene of a serious crime in progress, recent budget cuts by the government have meant stretching resources very thinly over the capital, and in busy times responses can take longer. Similarly, while most non-emergency situations should receive a response within a few hours, often civilians are forced to wait days or even weeks for a follow-up. 
   
  	A P P E n D I x
   
   A murder will be escalated the Met's Homicide Command, who will assign the investigation to a Murder Investigation Team (MIT) within the relevant regional unit. The Directorate of Forensic Services will investigate any crime scene, and any bodies will be sent to the nearest Coroner's office. 
   Other violent crimes may involve personnel from the Met's Robbery Unit SCD7 (also 'Flying Squad' or 'Sweeney'), the Counter-Terrorism Command Unit SO15, or the Specialist Firearms Command Unit CO19. Internal investigations of corruption and malpractice within the Met are handled by the Directorate of Professional Standard (DPS). All the Met's specialist directorates and subdivisions are headquartered at the Met's New Scotland Yard complex situated in Westminster. 
  Violent crime is taken very seriously by the authorities. Although guns are restricted and not easily obtained by civilians, between 2,000 and 3,000 incidents involving firearms are logged by the Met every year. The Met's own statistics show that in 75% of cases a gun is used to intimidate but is not discharged. Many of these incidents involve gangs and organized crime, and the Met prioritizes the policing of these offenses. Most guns in use on the street are smuggled into the country by European organized crime groups. An ongoing program of intelligence-led stop-and-searches, and open gun amnesties at police stations, have been significant factors in keeping any escalation of violence in check. 
   Civilians may apply to the Met for private licenses to hold sporting or hunting rifles, or shotguns, but the possession of any type of handgun, automatic or semi-automatic weapon is explicitly prohibited. Firearms applications require extensive background checks, multiple personal references, a reasonable justification, and a face-to-face interview. Any person with a significant criminal record will be prohibited. Any adult convicted of illegally possessing a firearm can expect a minimum sentence of 5 years in prison, and any proven intent to endanger life may lead to life imprisonment. 
   Due to the many difficulties relating to gun ownership, violent crimes using blunt and bladed weapons are on the rise. Notably in youth culture and juvenile gangs across the city, carrying a knife is considered normal, and stabbings as a result of territorial intergang violence are becoming increasingly commonplace. Many types of knives are entirely prohibited and being caught and convicted of holding such a weapon can lead to fines and a prison sentence of up to 4 years. 
   Organised crime is a huge problem for us. The Met is tracking thousands of different crime organizations operating in the city, many of which originate from overseas. Commonplace activities include robbery, racketeering, drug distribution, human trafficking, gun smuggling, illegal sex work, and money laundering. Many operate with cell structures that make it difficult to map the larger organization. And for each cell we dismantle, another quickly rises to take its place. It's an endless, thankless job, that is only going to get worse if the government's policy of under-funding law enforcement agencies continues. 
ADAPTIng ThE MET 
To YoUR CHRonICle
The infrastructure and organization of the Metropolitan Police is always changing. sometimes this is the result of budget cuts, and in other cases it could be a more strategic attempt to deploy limited resources, or a direct response to external oversight. While this may not matter for the chronicle described in this book, if you decide to run other Vampire games in London in the modern nights or in other time periods, please bear this in mind. 
   

   
Stories Told by Night 
The following plot hooks are provided for Storytellers who wish to extend this chronicle into a longer sequence of events, or who are interested in telling other stories in London prior to the fall of the domain. 
Embassy
The Banu Haqim send a delegation of Kindred to represent their clan in London, but one of their number soon goes missing. The Banu Haqim question Queen Anne's hospitality and reputation, with the full backing of the Camarilla. The characters are drafted by the Court to assist in the matter. Some suspect a plot the local Toreador and Tremere hatched to undermine the Ventrue's authority. Others suspect the Banu Haqim of staging the disappearance themselves to gain leverage over the Court of London. The possibility also remains that the lone Banu Haqim has absconded voluntarily, and that they are simply glad to be freed from a regimented life at Alamut? 
Wildcard
The Scourge of London, Terence Gardener, grows increasingly violent and reckless, and the Court is divided over his future. When Gardener destroys an influential elder who was trying to defend their unsanctioned childe from termination, tensions rise, and the characters are brought in to investigate the situation and to quell a wide variety of rumors. It could be that the situation is genuine, and that the demise of the elder was an unfortunate accident. If the childe was sanctioned, then the Scourge could have been unaware or mistaken. Alternatively, they may have been fully aware, and they may have struck anyway for some ulterior motive. In which case, could it have been vengeance, or were they compelled? Who else would be set to gain from the Scourge's fall? Who is most likely to replace him? 
Anarchy
A disagreement between the two largest Anarch groups in London - the Southwark Council and the Brixton Massive - escalates into more serious 
   
violence. The characters may be drafted in by Sheriff Marcus Kiley to help keep the peace, or they may be selected instead by one of the Anarch groups to investigate the cause, or negotiate a truce between the two sides. The conflict could be over territory or influence, or it could be a more bitter personal vendetta. Whatever the cause, it will be important to determine whether the grievance was accidental or intentional, and if one party is at fault, they will need to offer suitable apology or recompense before the violence will stop. In addition, Operation Antigen might launch early if the violence gets out of hand and draws the hunters' attention. 
Hunt Club
A venerable Toreador elder creates a new progeny without permission, and Queen Anne disavows them, removing the protection of the Court. A variety of enthusiasts of diablerie surface in London to try and claim both Kindred as prizes. The same Toreador elder will approach the PCs for assistance in protecting themselves and their childe, claiming that they were framed, and that they were previously given permission by Queen Anne, who changed her mind on a whim. It is possible that another Kindred may be able to corroborate their story. Alternatively, other vampires may side with the accused out of principle, even if evidence points to the contrary. The characters will need to split their efforts between protecting the Toreador and investigating the truth. The Scourge may also conduct his own investigation, which may place him at odds with the characters. When the characters discover the truth, what will they do about it? Do the Toreador deserve to die, or can they offer them a way out? ¦
   
Appendix II: Loresheets
These Loresheets were designed with an eye to modern chronicles, after the Fall of London. The Storyteller can adapt them easily to work within the Fall of London scenario.
A G E N T O F J U S T I C A R P A R R
J
uliette Parr is the current Malkavian Justicar, given 	ing over other important evidence. The Justicar continues the authority to investigate traitors to the Camarilla, 	to maintain a Haven in her home city of London, and and to punish those that would flaunt or undermine 	she can often be found there when she is not attending its Traditions. Parr has a long-standing association 	Camarilla matters overseas personally. 
with law enforcement; prior to her appointment she You are a confidant of Justicar Parr, serving as her eyes served as one of the Sheriffs of London. Her presence, and ears, and given the authority to command Camarilla knowledge, and charm are considerable, and her obses- resources in her name. She trusts your observations and sive-compulsive tendencies have served her well when recommendations, all in the name of the greater good, prointerrogating suspects, examining crime scenes, and por- tecting the Camarilla from enemies within and without.
   
  Information Drop: You routinely provide information to Justicar Parr, reporting on the movements and conversations of other Kindred, but sometimes you receive useful information in return. Once per story you can ask the Storyteller for a piece of information relevant to an ongoing investigation, which could be reasonably provided by the Justicar's wider network of agents and informants. 
   Camarilla Conditioning: Beyond your personal commitment to the Camarilla, you have also received training and indoctrination that ensures your loyalty to the sect. You gain 1 die in all Willpower tests performed in the course of your duties, and you also add 1 additional die to your pool when making tests to resist any attempts to intimidate or compel you away from your duties. loRe    Request Backup: You are 
important enough to Justicar Parr that you may call upon other Camarilla assets in her network to assist you in your work. Once each story you may call upon a 5-dot Ally to back you up for the duration of a scene. They could grant you access to places you normally cannot go, introduce you to people you would not normally meet, perform a task beyond your own expertise and experience, or simply provide physical protection or escape in a high-risk situation. 
     Favored Protégé: You are acquainted with Juliette Parr at a personal level, and you have a shared history beyond serving the Camarilla in an official capacity. You correspond with the Malkavian often, while she trusts you implicitly, her interest comes with a certain degree of possessiveness. You may consider Parr a 5-dot Mawla, but she also makes constant demands of you. It would be unwise to upset an elder of her power and influence. 
     Camarilla Archon: 
You are publicly named as an Archon serving the Camarilla under Justicar Parr, and you hold a warrant that you can present to any Camarilla Kindred to demand their cooperation in your activities and investigations. Your position taints all your interactions with other vampires for better or worse. Sycophants will try to impress you, while others may resent you or avoid you. Enemies of the Camarilla will also consider you a target to make an example of, if possible. 
   
C O U R T O F S H A D O W S
   
he King of Shadows is a mysterious figure in London's supernatural society. Variously described as a vampire, a criminal kingpin, a champion of the downtrodden, and a ghostly 
agent of retribution, few know the truth. The darkest and ugliest corners of London now belong to the King, and they suffer no insult, and brook no competition. 
   While the King is not known to foster friendships, they have many agents and allies that serve them across the city, both on the street and below it. These agents can be found everywhere: near train and tube stations, on street corners and bus stops, outside all-night convenience stores, in hostels, under bridges, and in other more downtrodden places.
   Many mortals and Kindred alike are in the King's debt, and those that are foolish enough to become their enemy are seldom seen for long. To be in the King's favor is considered a blessing by many, and certainly not something to be scorned. 
   There are many benefits to serving the King of Shadows. They always look out for their own, ensuring their agents are never hungry, and never want for a roof over their heads. The King also offers security and sanctuary - many of London's organized crime syndicates are aware of their existence, but few would dare to cross them. 
   
  Free Meals: The King of Shadows is aware their Kindred associates need to remain well-fed, and to this end they employ mortals across the city as willing vessels who can be made available to those in need. Once per game session you may approach the Court of Shadow for sustenance. The vessel will be willing, and of a random Resonance with no Dyscrasias. If you have any feeding restrictions, then the vessel is compatible with your predilections.  
  Rumor Mill: The Court of 
Shadows encourages a lively trade of information and rumors. Once each game session you may approach the network to exchange useful information. The veracity and accuracy of the information given to you is left to the Storyteller's discretion, but it should consider the value of the information that you trade  loRe 
in return. If you cannot pay in kind, then you may be asked to perform a service for the King instead. 
   Contraband: The Court of 
Shadows is also a place where you can find illegal narcotics, weapons, explosives, and other contraband. Once per story you may approach the Court of Shadows for what you need. They will be willing to provide, but always at a price, which can be paid in hard currency, or with barter - either information or other goods of an equivalently high value. 
     Sanctuary: The Court has access to many buildings above ground across the city, and many structures below ground, all of which are claimed by the King as their domain. The King's agents know many hiding places, located where few prying eyes would think to look. Once per story you may approach the Court of Shadow to request sanctuary. You will be blindfolded, and you will not know where you are taken, but you can be sure that you will be kept safe for as long a time as you need. 
     Favored by the King: 
You are one of the few Kindred in London who has ever been in the presence of the King of Shadows. For some reason they have taken an interest in you, and regularly correspond and meet with you. The King wears a mask and is still an enigmatic figure, but you know more about them than many others. Once per story you may call upon the King directly for aid. The manner and degree to which they respond is left to the Storyteller to determine, but it should materially serve your needs in some way. 
   
H U N T C L U B
   
he organization known as the Hunt Club has been operating covertly in London since the end 
of the Second World War. Highly secretive in nature, the organization is dedicated to the pursuit of hunting Kindred for sport and is reputed to endorse the practice of diablerie. Members join using pseudonyms and disguises to protect their own reputations, and rumor has it that some are highly placed within Kindred society. 
   The nominal leader of the Hunt Club is known simply as The Count, a title commonly believed to be a homage to Count Zaroff, a Russian vampire known to have hunted his peers in the mid- 20th Century, but who has not been seen for decades. The organization's practices have evolved over the years into baroque and theatrical affairs, teasing and taunting victims, and using regalia and calling cards that recall mortal Britain's long history of fox and game hunting.
   Before London's fall, the Hunt Club was quick to join in the action each time Queen Anne declared a Blood Hunt, and the organization was unscrupulous at identifying its own targets for sport during quiet times. London and the United Kingdom have proven to be a rich hunting ground, populated by many reclusive 
and antiquated elders with poor defenses but rich vitae for the taking. In modern nights the organization must be wary of Operation Antigen, but some members argue that getting closer to these mortal hunters may be a way of finding new quarry for their sport.  
   
  Huntsman's Newsletter: As a fledgling member of the Hunt Club, you are notified when important events occur, including when Blood Hunts are declared in the various Kindred domains in Avalon and in the cities of western Europe. You can expect to receive such a notice once per story, but exactly when this might happen is left to the discretion of the Storyteller. 
  Experienced Diablerist: You 
have previously participated in a hunt, and in its culmination have committed the act of diablerie on another vampire. Due to your prior experience, you may add 1 die to your pool in all future Strength + Resolve tests when attempting the same act again in the future. This also means that the signs of diablerie may be visible in your aura, and you would be wise to avoid this being detected. 
 loRe 
   Huntsman's Dossier: The 
Hunt Club devotes significant resources to watching and researching elder vampires to assess their defenses and suitability as a target for sport. Not all these Kindred end up as victims, but the information gathered about their movements and nightly habits may still be interesting to other members. Once per story you may contact the organization to ask for information regarding the current whereabouts, or the favorite haunts, of a named Kindred that dwells in the local domain. 
     Huntsman's Steed: You have acquired and adapted a modern vehicle to perfectly complement your hunting pursuits. The exact make and model are left to the Storyteller's discretion, but it will be a plain-colored van or truck with blacked-out windows. 
The exterior will be subtly armor-plated, and the interior will be sound-proofed and reinforced with metal cage strong enough to contain an angry Kindred. The vehicle can be registered to your name, or one of your Masks. As with any vehicle, you should take care not to let it get stolen or impounded by the authorities. 
     Leader of the Hunt: 
Your good standing within the Hunt 
Club gives you the right to name any Kindred as the next quarry for the organization's sport. Once per story you may circulate the name of your target, which will cause them to be taunted, harassed and attacked by members of the organization. This will prove to be a significant inconvenience and distraction, but whether they survive the assault is left to the discretion of the Storyteller. 
L O N D O N U N D E R L O N D O N  Tube Safety: While it is not normally recommended for Kindred to use the Tube for transport or feeding purposes, your knowledge of this transport system places you at an advantage. You know the layout of each station and where all the CCTV cameras are placed. While you cannot control them, you can take care not to present your face to them, and you know the blind spots in their coverage. As a result, you may attempt a Wits + Stealth test at Difficulty 3, which, if successful, allows you to pass through or hunt in any tube station undetected. Anyone travelling with you can also benefit from your knowledge, should you choose to share it.
   Somewhere to Hide: Your knowledge of London's underground infrastructure is good enough to let you hide in desperate situations. Maybe you are being pursued, or maybe you just found yourself too far from your haven too close to dawn. Whatever the reason, you can attempt a Wits + Larceny test at Difficulty 3 to find a suitable hiding place below ground that will be overlooked by anyone not in possession of similar  loRe 
knowledge. The location could be an old sewer pipe, a maintenance hatch, or a less-used section of the London Underground tunnel system - the Storyteller may rule on how large or small your hiding place is, and how long you may be able to safely stay there.
   Network of Vermin: You 
have spent enough time below ground in London to become familiar with the multitudes of vermin and other creepy-crawlies that live there. These creatures are more readily available to do your bidding, and more willing to defend you from intruders. Your chances of finding useful creatures in any scene situated underground are increased, and you may add 1 die to your pool when using any Animalism powers that concern the interaction with other bestial creatures below the surface of London, including Bond Famulus, Feral Whispers, Unliving Hive, and Animal Dominion. 
    Personal Bolt-Hole: 
In addition to your regular haven aboveground, you maintain a secret underground hideout that you can retreat to where no other Kindred can find you, and where you can store valuable items that you dare not leave anywhere else. You do not use it frequently, as to do so would risk its discovery, but here you are safe from traditional means of discovery (and the harmful rays of the sun). Note that this entirely mundane location will not conceal you from those that would use supernatural means to track you - e.g. Auspex or Blood Sorcery. 
     Freedom of the City: 
Your knowledge of the subterranean landscape of London is enough to let you travel and access important locations without ever needing to step above ground. Once per story you may transit between two surface locations using underground routes in a manner that would not be detected by anyone watching at ground level. This could mean accessing a private or public building illicitly - e.g. a bank vault, a secure office, or another Kindred's Haven - but this would not protect you from any security measures you might encounter inside the building. 
   
(nosferatu characters only)
he subterranean landscape underneath London's streets could be considered an entire and separate city of its own. The tunnels of the underground rail system, bored over a century ago, worm alongside crypts and basements of much older structures, and more 
modern shafts dug to provide water, power, and telecommunications services to London's residents above.
   In the city center, within the approximate area marked as Zone 1 on transport maps, the underground infrastructure is particularly dense. New digging work associated with the groundbreaking Crossrail project - still incomplete at the time of writing - has come within centimeters of other existing structures. These underground pathways can be used to traverse the oldest parts of the city without ever setting foot on the street.

O
O P E R A T I O N A N T I G E N
peration Antigen is the name of the coalition of police, military, and intelligence assets that purged the city of London of organized vampire influence. Antigen is still active tonight, in a second phase dedicated 
to ensuring that supernatural criminal influence does not return. The success of the operation has led to similar anti-vampire initiatives being sponsored in other cities in the United Kingdom and abroad. 
   You carefully cultivated allies and contacts that give you some insight into Operation Antigen and its ongoing efforts in London, and to similar activities elsewhere. You may also be able to exert some limited influence over its night-to-night affairs, to better protect yourself and the ones you love, or to set them upon your enemies and rivals. These interactions do not come without risk, however, as no Kindred can be considered truly safe from Antigen's reach. 
 loRe 
   
  Early Warning: You have a trusted insider who has made you a simple promise: if Antigen ever identifies you, or plans your capture, they will give you advanced warning. This is a one-time thing: they won't stop or delay the agents, but they will do you the courtesy of letting you know that they are coming. 
   Tactical Dossier: You have acquired (or been leaked) a dossier which discusses typical Antigen operating procedures, covering surveillance protocols, how to plan raids, and tactical advice for engaging with IC0s. During a scene which involves Operation Antigen, you can use the contents of this dossier to predict and outwit their behavior. If the outcome of the scene results in Antigen being aware that they have been outmaneu-
vered (e.g. their agents are killed, or their mission objectives are thwarted), then they will change their operating methods and the dossier will become useless. 
   Sympathetic Insider: You 
have a relationship with someone placed high up on Antigen's apparatus who knows a great deal about current operational activities and targets. This person has their own reasons for sharing information outside the chain of command - perhaps they do not agree with Antigen's methods, or they are more curious about the supernatural? Regardless of their motives, they are also cautious and paranoid about being caught leaking information by their peers. Using suitably clandestine methods, you may reach out to this four-dot Contact once per story to ask them questions about Antigen's current activities. 
     Get Out of Jail Free: You have leverage over someone in the upper echelons of Operation Antigen. They do not know it yet, and what you have can only be used once - as soon as the organization knows this person is compromised, they will be cycled out and their clearance revoked. Whoever it is in the government, police or military, you can contact them and successfully blackmail them into performing one service for you once. This is a card that can be played in the event you are (or someone you know is) captured by Antigen forces, but it could also potentially be used to deflect resources or delete sensitive information. Once your leverage is used, not only will it become valueless, but your use of it will place you on Antigen's watch list.   
      Official Credentials: You have managed to obtain or manufacture false credentials that will give you temporary access to Antigen resources. You can use this identity to briefly take command of Antigen personnel at a location under surveillance, or at the scene of a raid. You can also use this identity to take custody of prisoners or evidence, or to infiltrate a location currently under Antigen control. How long your cover lasts depends on how well you can blend in, and how long it takes before people start to ask awkward questions. Once used, however, the cover is blown and it cannot be used again. 
O S K A R A N A S O V
          skar Anasov is one of the most influential 	a choice to serve her or to be executed. For many years, vampires active in London tonight. He is 	he remained a loyal, if grudg ing, servant to the Court of responsible for the analog communication 	London. When Anne succeeded Mithras as the Prince of systems which connect London's Kindred 	London, Oskar became her Herald, issuing decrees across Landlords, and he is a staunch believer and enforcer of the 	the domain of Avalon on her behalf. 
Compact. He can also arrange passage into or out of the 	Oskar was clever enough to survive the Fall of London, 
city safely. 	and was instrumental in devising the Compact. In addi-
   Embraced by the Nosferatu Boronisk in Prussia in 	tion to maintaining the network of carrier pigeons used the mid-19th century, Oskar was once a political revolu-	to send messages between London's Land lords, Oskar also tionary, with a hand in the upheavals that occurred in 	devotes considerable time to studying and monitoring France, Italy, Germany, and Hungary. After the Russian 	Operation Antigen. 
Revolution, and subsequent purges, he traveled with many 	Anasov's services aren't usually free, and each time you politi cal exiles to London. 	call upon him he will require payment for his efforts. He 
   Oskar joined with the Anarchs of London and in-	typically prefers to receive information and favors over stigated unrest against the Ventrue rule. He was caught 	hard currency - in each case the specifics of each payment painting Anarch graffiti on the walls of Elysium and was 	are left to the Storyteller's discretion hauled before then-Seneschal Anne Bowesley. He had   Messaging Service: You are acquainted with Anasov well enough to use his messaging network, which is a reliable method for contacting other Kindred in London, without risk of the communication being intercepted by Operation Antigen. Anasov promises successful delivery, regardless of how elusive the recipient might otherwise be. 
   Personal Introduction: For a higher fee Anasov can also arrange for a face-to-face meeting with any other Kindred resident in London. Once per story you can name any Kindred known to be in London - regardless of whether they hold domain or are just passing through - and the Nosferatu will arrange the meet ing after receiving payment. Anasov facilitates the introduction, but cannot vouch this Kindred's behavior or reaction to meeting you. If a meeting turns violent, or otherwise ends badly for the Kindred you named, then Anasov will refuse all your future requests, for the sake of his own reputation. 
             loRe    Safe Passage: Anasov has the means to smuggle mortals and Kindred in and out of the city of London without fear of detection by other vampires, or the agents of Operation Antigen. Once each story you may call upon the Nosferatu to perform this service for a group of up to six individuals. If entering the city, they will be delivered safely and securely to an address of your choice. If leaving the city, then you may name a destination outside of London's borders. Typically, Anasov will arrange a pickup or drop off in a town or city in the southeast of the UK. Arranging international transit is possible for a higher fee, but Anasov will not vouch for the party's reception or safety after they have been delivered to the requested destination.  
    Mentor: You are person-
ally acquainted with Anasov, and your interactions with him are more than just business. You may count him as a fourdot Mawla, and you receive a significant discount when paying to utilize his services. However, this also means that he may call on you at least once per story to help him with message delivery, people smuggling or another similar activity which furthers his interests. 
     Landlord Council: Meet-
ings of vampires from neighboring domains occur from time to time to settle debts, resolve disputes, and to recognize new Landlords. Larger gatherings of all of London's domain holders are rare, and usually mark the need to discuss a great threat or opportunity that might affect them all. Through Anasov, you will be notified and invited to any meeting of Landlords that takes place in London. Once per story, if you have a suitable justification, you may also ask Anasov to use his influence to call the Kindred Landlords of London to a meeting. Note that these Kindred are paranoid, fickle, and prideful, and will mark you as a fool or as an enemy if they should decide that you are wasting their time. 
   
Appendix III: Playable Characters
   
  Each character is presented in the following format:
THE CHARACTER SHEET This can be handed straight to the player, although some sections are intentionally left blank as only the Storyteller knows that information. It can be filled in when the character remembers that detail, and the Storyteller should be generous allowing for remembrance.
PLAYER INFORMATION This is the sum total of the character's memories when they first awaken. It includes their name and some idea of their past occupation. This should be read or given to each player at the start.
MITHRAS While they may not even know who or what Mithras is, the word conjures certain feelings and memories for each of the characters. These might only be revealed when they hear or read the name for the first time.
BACKGROUND This section is 
initially only for the Storyteller and tells the true story behind the character's human life, Embrace, and their involvement in the Cult of Mithras. The background will help the Storyteller decide on Memoriam points for the player characters to begin to remember their shattered past.
ELDER DRIVE, AMBITION, AND ACTUAL AMBITION The Blooding attempted to overwrite the characters' memories and personality with that of a loyal elder of the Cult of Mithras, whom they will meet as the adventure progresses. Elder Drive details which elder's traits a character inherited, how this translates into an Ambition (the elder's), and how this drive clashes with the character's original personality. As the scenario progresses, and the characters remember more about themselves, or start to question their motivation, they can recall their original Actual Ambition. The Storyteller divulges this original Ambition when a character clearly disavows service to Mithras, has a similar "aha!" moment, or has explored several Memoriams. The player then chooses to keep one Ambition over the other, or integrate both into a new Ambition to be explored as the scenario progresses. 
TOUCHSTONES As the characters have been in torpor for so long, whatever Touchstones they had are probably long gone. So, the characters need to make new connections quickly if they are to preserve their humanity.
   At the end of the first scene they will have an opportunity to do this. Each character might set off to find someone to connect to or they might simply come across someone whose life resonates with theirs. Storyteller should take some time improvising scenes where the player characters can find someone to make a Touchstone connection with. They need not actually talk to them, but they should at least observe them long enough to see something in them that resonates with their humanity.
   

   









   
Memoriam
The player characters' memories are a mystery at the beginning of the Fall of London. However, as the scenario progresses they will have flashbacks that will reveal their true history to them. Not all of these memories are factual, as the Blooding nips and tears at them, and some require a more symbolic interpretation. 
   The memories below are offered to the Storyteller as the potential results of Memoriam experiences. If the characters don't actively try to invoke Memoriam, the scenario suggests several places where a character might spontaneously experience one. In addition to these deliberately or spontaneously invoked Memoriams, the Storyteller can also hand them out in downtime between chapters, to represent the characters' agency tearing away at the fog of the Blooding.
  The following memories, grouped by theme rather than chronologically, number enough to provide one per chapter to each character. The Storyteller can add more flashbacks and Memoriam points as they desire, and will find a list with Impressions to serve as prompt at the end. 
Mortal Life
These memories connect to events in the character's mortal life. They relate to the character's mortal needs, desires, and experiences. They act as a reminder of the character's humanity, for good or ill.
ALICE You are sitting on the filthy pavement of a cramped street. Around you, many others huddle together against the cold, reaching their hands out to passersby who have nothing to give. The place is dark; the tight buildings crushing together seem to close in on you. You raise your hand to a gentleman walking past in a fine coat and a top hat. 
"Tell your fortune mister? Just a penny," you say.
TOMMY The memorial stone in front of you is covered in blood. You can't see the blood, but you know it's there, blood you have shed, your own and that of others. The figures on the stone stand frozen in eternal strife, puppets to those who rule the constant conflict. You reach out to touch the stone, tracing the words 
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
carved there with your finger "Lest we forget." You cannot help but shed a tear for those you have lost, and those who fell.
TONY The table you are sitting at is small, a clean but threadbare cloth covering the hundred knocks and scratches it suffered over many years as the center of the home. Your mother brings out a bowl of steaming pasta. She puts it before you, pinching your cheek with love, even though she asks about boys and uses that name again. But the pasta in front of you is warm, and the red sauce dripping over it all makes you feel a hunger you have never known.
CATHERINE She puts the amulet around your neck and whispers in your ear how much she loves you. In the mirror, the sapphire's glint almost blinds you. It makes it hard to see her. You turn but she is gone, nothing but the gentle peel of her laughter and the memory of her breath on your neck. You run after her, down the long corridor of elegant wood panels, knowing you will not find her as much as she is lost in the darkness.
HENRY The body in front of you is gray and still, its organs laid out so neatly and cleverly. How beautiful the physical machine is. The doctor points out the various organs with a cane as you cluster closer, jostling with the other students to see. You feel them closing together, shutting you out, so you reach forward and tear a hole through the one in front. He screams and falls but you can only note the intriguing way his legs buckle. The cadaver lies on the table in front of you again, as the screams fade away. It is yours at last, and you lean forward and climb in to seek its mysteries.
Past Occupations
These memories deal with what the character used to do for a living, or at least mainly how they occupied their time. They might be sparked by encountering someone from a similar occupation, or by being called upon to use a skill they might have used to pursue the occupation.
ALICE The earth crumbles between your fingers as you dig. The dampness of the morning chills your hands and you feel the dirt cluster under your nails. Finally, you get a grip on the roots and pull the plant free. You lay it carefully on the cloth with the candle and mutter the chants as you greet the dawn. As the sun glows on the horizon you see the candle light, and you know the goddess blesses you.
TOMMY There is a rhythm to killing. Aim, shoot, clear cartridge, chamber the next round, and aim again; you do it now without thinking. You are shooting at shadows in the night, the alarms only barely audible above the sound of gunfire. Is the enemy even coming? Somewhere further along the trench an officer is shouting something. It doesn't really matter what it is: you'll soon see if the other lads make a move. Even fear has faded away under the monotony. All you really want is an end to the mud and the cold. 
TONY He is only offering seven shillings but you know you can get ten; it doesn't matter that it only cost you five. But if you are going to haggle with the tight bastard you are going to have to be quick. The coppers will be around this patch sooner or later. Sure, the bombs and the rubble make it tricky to find your way around these days, but some of the boys in blue are pretty sharp. 
   You tell him you'll only take twelve shillings and he folds and offers you ten. He must know where he can get a better price to sell it on, but ten is all you need to make the rest of the rent this month, and tomorrow is another day.
CATHERINE This evening the charity society has brought you to a workhouse to give food to the children and participate in a service. It is all to show the gentry that the poor are being dealt with, and that even if they do not have much food their souls are nourished with God's grace. But as you look at the thin faces on the benches behind you, it is clear that God is not here. You hold Angelique's hand all the tighter, glad that she is with you in this awful place. Although you cannot help but think how blessed you are that you will be able to leave this place of misery. 
  This is not a chapel of course, the workhouse has only one main hall, but at least these souls can receive the holy sacrament. Few of them seem to be listening, though. The men sit on one side, the women and children on the other, and they are both more interested in each other than the words of the vicar. You are about to tut at such lascivious behavior, but then you realize these are families, separated by the workhouse except for this precious moment when a father can wave to his child and a wife can see her husband again. You clutch your basket of bread and cheese for the children closer, and cannot help but think it is not enough.
HENRY People are complicated in so many ways, but much easier to deal with when they are dead. You do not miss your clinical training, with a constant stream of whining bodies clamoring for healing and attention. This is the real work. The body before you will reveal its secrets; be it by science or sorcery. You finish carving the marks on its skin, and begin the chant one more time. Was that a twitch of its hand you saw? Perhaps this time it will work.
Past Trauma
Each character has suffered trauma or pain. These memories are all the stronger for the pain they carry, making them easier to rise to the surface.
ALICE You can hear your mother screaming, and there is nothing you can do about it. They came at night, the cowards, trying to hide because they know it's wrong. Edith only ever healed, she had nothing to do with the crops failing, nothing to do with the young men and woman leaving for the cities. 
   "It's not her fault" you scream and cry, but no one pays you any attention. 
   Your father drags you away, back to the house that will never again be a home to you. 
TOMMY There was a flash, and then just darkness with nothing but the ringing in your ears to tell you that you are alive. It must have been a shell, damn it, it was close. You are covered in earth and dirt, the filthy trench water creeping into your boots and clothes. For a moment you think you escaped, been one of the lucky ones. Then the feeling comes back a little and with it an ocean of pain. Your whole side is burning. As your fellow soldiers pull you out of the debris you hear them gasp to look at you. You wonder why they aren't putting out the fire you can feel burning you. Then you look at your crushed body and see there is no fire, just burn after burn, before you mercifully pass out.
TONY You taste dirt along with blood as your face hits the ground. They began by punching you, but now they swing wide kicks into your face and stomach. You curl into a ball, try to cover your head, waiting for it to end. You never should have tried to short change them, but that isn't the real reason. They think you deceived them, wearing trousers, "dressing like a man." So now these men, who pride themselves on never hitting a woman, are kicking you because they think you are a woman. Still, you took two of them down before they got you on the ground. You'll come back for the rest, in time.
CATHERINE You can't believe she's gone. You were meant to have years together, centuries even, perhaps eternity. It had taken hours to dig through the rubble, the blood powering your limbs to throw aside stone after stone. To hell with the Masquerade: you needed to find her. Then, all of a sudden, there she was, your lovely Angelique lying in the dirt of the shattered basement, broken and twisted. Her eyes were staring into oblivion, her body unnaturally bent and crushed. But it seemed she was alive, somehow, deep inside. You promised eternity to each other, now you can only wonder if you will spend it by her silent bedside.
HENRY It was only a cat. It wasn't even a very nice cat. It always hissed when it looked at you. But it seems several people had some sort of affection for the nasty creature and so father says you must be punished. It is unfair. He tells you that you need to study, and when you do, he and mother look at you like you are not their son. How can you learn the way things work if you can't take them apart? It was a messy business, but an informative one. Yet that look of shame on your parent's faces sears your soul. 
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
The Embrace
The embrace is a powerful experience, and one not easily forgotten. Like trauma, this rebirth marks powerful changes and its imprint remains deep. 
ALICE Dressed in white you enter the inner chamber, feeling the carved symbols on the floor under your bare feet. Surrounding you are cloaked figures, killers and sorcerers all, but that is not why you are afraid. One of them steps forward, throwing back the hood of her cloak to give you a smile that is all teeth. She tells you to kneel and offer yourself to Clan Tremere for eternity. You do so without hesitation, baring your neck so she can drink. Your vision swims and you fall backwards onto the cold stone. You feel blood rush into your throat, and in that moment you feel terror. Not for what you are to become, but fear that this new loyalty will overcome what you feel for Mithras. You close your eyes and drink, and as the assembly chants you try to think only of him.
TOMMY You are going to die. You don't know when, but it is inevitable. They've moved you to what they call the quiet ward. The patients here have little strength left for screaming; resignation hangs heavy in the very air. There is even a shadow at your bedside who you can only assume is death himself. He has sat in silence with you for three nights now, but only tonight does he speak. He tells you that he can spare you, as long as you fight for him. You wonder what else you might do for eternity, and it seems fitting that the war will never end. So you say yes, and hope once more that you will be fighting for the right side.
TONY She is beautiful, but not in any common way. Her features are set with power and passion, her grace that of a warrior. Even though she is dressed like anyone else, she is a creature out of time, like some goddess of war. She walks towards you and slaps you hard across the face, throwing you to the ground. You leap up, ready to return the blow but she simply isn't there. Then suddenly her hand is at your throat and lifting you off your feet. You stare her in the eye and cough out that she should do her worst. She smiles and tells you her sire will be so pleased with you. Then she sinks her teeth into your neck.
CATHERINE If they will not let you marry, you will form your own covenant. If they deny you a life together, you will steal eternity. It is frightening to cheat death in this way, but there are no depths you will not cross for her. For a moment you wonder if you can trust her love. If she means you harm, though, the choice is still a simple one: you would sooner die than be without her. The coach with darkened windows sits ready in the drive, the last sunset has faded. You lie together on the bed, gazing at each other until she whispers quietly 
   "Are you ready?" You tell her yes, and hold her hand tight as her fangs pierce your neck.
HENRY It has been a long journey, but you are finally at the last gate, the doorway between the living and the dead. You know how the machine of life works, but not what drives it. Perhaps in the twilight outside life you can find what fuels existence. There is a price, of course, but then nothing comes for free, no secrets offered without sacrifice. If this cult asks for nothing more than your death, the price is a cheap one. You loosen your collar and the cuff of your left wrist. The well dressed creature in front of you patiently waits, assuming you to offer your right wrist as well. But instead you pick up a pen and position your journal. The creature raises an eyebrow in amusement. 
"Do what you will," you say, 
"but I intend to take notes."
Mithras
Their characters' involvement with the Mithraic Mysteries may vary, as may their dedication to Mithras, and this memory helps them understand their place in it.
ALICE You stand between a god and his acolytes, and their worship is intoxicating. Dressed in white you lead the faithful in the rituals of exaltation. You are the Handmaiden of Mithras, a part of his divine will. His power flows through you, and you feel his presence besides you always. You will never be alone, and never know fear, as your lord watches over all your works in his name.
TOMMY You had been part of the cult for many years before you finally met Mithras. He was a little shorter than you expected, but you never doubted his power even for a moment. Your task had been a simple one; locate the Kindred that you now had under guard in this opulent room. When Mithras walked in he ignored the prisoner. Instead, he took a moment to inspect the guards, looking each one of you up and down, taking a moment to adjust a tie or fasten a button. When he came to you he simply touched your face, as if he knew what the burns had felt like. Then with just the briefest of gestures you were all dismissed. You never saw the prisoner again. 
TONY You know not to ask questions, just like everyone else in this business. Sometimes you have to find something your associates want, other times you just have to make sure it gets safely from A to B. When the crates come sealed you don't usually look inside, not unless you need to know if it's fragile and no one thought to ask. This next consignment is different, though. No packaging, just a boy and a girl, teenagers by the look of them, standing, waiting on the dockside. They are neatly dressed, human, and beautiful. They look quite similar, maybe brother and sister, but you cannot help but just think of them as a matching pair. They ask if they are to see the master soon, and you simply indicate the waiting car.
CATHERINE You never imagined such contentment was even possible when you were mortal. You wake each night with Angelique beside you, and the city is your hunting ground. It could be perfect for eternity, if it were not for the tedious business that conspires to take Angelique from you. It is an old argument already, even if it is your only one. You ask why she must go again and she tells you "the lord needs us." Then she asks if you will join her and you tell her you have an errand, or you are hungry, or one of a hundred excuses she knows are lies. Then she leaves, but not without reminding you again that eternity has a cost, and Mithras owns it.
HENRY You are in two minds about these visits from Mithras. While he is an intelligent and learned guest, even an insightful one, explaining your work takes time away from doing it. It is even worse when de Camden is in attendance. He always wants to impress Mithras, usually by extending the conversation to add even more detail and take more time. However, his monetary patronage and power are better than you ever dreamed of, and each night your work takes great steps forward. So if your master wants to see what he is buying, it is only fair. 
Impressions
The following offer a small moments of remembrance for the characters. They are for the Storyteller to use as they like, or to expand into a full memory if they choose to.
ALICE The way old Edith smiled when you so easily learned the first incantation she taught you.
   The village green where you often played alone when other children called you a witch.
   The gnawing pain of hunger you felt when you lived on the streets of London in rags.
TOMMY Your confusion when people told you to 'go home' when you had known no other.
   The way people looked at you with respect when they saw you in your uniform.
   Seeing bodies collected from the trenches' no man's land, and wondering when someone would do this for you.
TONY The sight of one of your school friend's houses flattened after being hit by a bomb.
   The smell of your parents' shop; a mixture of food, sweets, and soap.
   The feel of money in your hand from your first deal.
CATHERINE The first time you were told "young ladies don't do that" when you went to play with your brothers.
   The ticking of the parlor clock as you sat embroidering for hours.
   The first time you saw Angelique at your women's charity.
HENRY The beauty of the mechanisms of life when you first opened up an animal.
   The argument your parents thought you couldn't hear, about 
"what to do with Henry."
   Wanting to cut into the small trembling animal so badly, and forcing yourself not to. 
   










   










   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   
3
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   

   

   

   

   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   
6
   

   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
6
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   

   
6
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
6
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
6
   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   
C h A P T E R 1 - A DA R K A n D STO R M y n I g h T
   
6
   
3
   
C h A P T E R 1 - A DA R K A n D STO R M y n I g h T
   
3
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   
  	C h A P T E R 2 - S U n S E T O f f L A M E S
   
6
   
3
   
  	C h A P T E R 2 - S U n S E T O f f L A M E S
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
C h A P T E R 2 - S U n S E T O f f L A M E S
   
6
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
6
   

   
  	C h A P T E R 2 - S U n S E T O f f L A M E S
   
6
   
3
   

   
6
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   

   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   
  	C h A P T E R 3 - fA M I Ly M AT T E RS
   
6
   
3
   
  	C h A P T E R 3 - fA M I Ly M AT T E RS
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   
  	C h A P T E R 4 - W h AT h I D E S B E n E AT h
   
6
   
3
   
  	C h A P T E R 4 - W h AT h I D E S B E n E AT h
   
3
   

   
  	C h A P T E R 4 - W h AT h I D E S B E n E AT h
   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
  	C h A P T E R 4 - W h AT h I D E S B E n E AT h
   
6
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
6
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   

   
3
   

   
3
   

   
C h A P T E R 5 - R E D L I STS & R E D C A P S
   
6
   
3
   

   
6
   

   
  	C h A P T E R 5 - R E D L I STS & R E D C A P S
   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   
  	C h A P T E R 5 - R E D L I STS & R E D C A P S
   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
  	C h A P T E R 5 - R E D L I STS & R E D C A P S
   
6
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
6
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   
  	C h A P T E R 6 - g O D S & M O n ST E RS
   
6
   
3
   
  	C h A P T E R 6 - g O D S & M O n ST E RS
   
3
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   
  	C h A P T E R 6 - g O D S & M O n ST E RS
   
6
   
3
   
C h A P T E R 6 - g O D S & M O n ST E RS
   
3
   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   
  	E P I LO g U E - A D E S O L AT E C I T y
   
6
   
3
   
  	E P I LO g U E - A D E S O L AT E C I T y
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
  	E P I LO g U E - A D E S O L AT E C I T y
   
6
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
6
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   

   
6
   
3
   

   
3
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
6
   

   
  	A P P E n D I x
   
6
   
231
   
A P P E n D I x
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
  	A P P E n D I x
   
231
   
231
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   
231
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   

   
6
   
3
   
  	A P P E n D I x
   
3
   
FA L L O F LO N D O N 
   

   
6
   
3
   
  	A P P E n D I x
   
3
   

   

   
6
   
3
   

   
6
   

   
A P P E n D I x
   
6
   
3
   
A P P E n D I x
   
3
   

   

   
Resonance		Hunger  ?????	  Humanity  ???????????
(c) 2018 White Wolf Entertainment
   
(c) 2018 White Wolf Entertainment
   

   
Resonance		Hunger  ?????	  Humanity  ???????????
(c) 2018 White Wolf Entertainment
   

   

   

   

   

   

   
