



SECOND-BEST SMILE 5INTRODUCTION 9No Candles, No Robes 10Faces, New and Old 11BELIEVERS AND CHARLATANS 13Florian Ribiero 14Landon Dankworth "Father Christian Patriot" 16Gloria Flores "Gums" 19Vitas Varnas 21Oscar Vasquez "The Operator" 24Faith Corrigan 26Roberto Vega 29Jorg Morawitz 32Zhou "Jenni" Guang 34Anastasia 36Baptiste 39Freddie Montgomery 41Misery 44Ignaz August von Kral 47RaÝz 49Miss Fitzsimmons 52Derek Jacobson 54Grace Boateng 57Euan Dunsirn 59Akawa 61Dai Qingzhao 64Tobias Novak "Dr. Starr" 66Belinde Buch 69The Church of Caine - San Diego 73CULT COTERIES 73Members and Agendas 74Misery, Deacon 74Faith Corrigan, Priest 74Zhou 'Jenni' Guang, Lector 75Customs 75Type 75Domain 75Lien òòò 75Portillon òòò 75Backgrounds 76Mawla òòò 76The Comparative Minds of the Night 76Members and Agendas 76Grace Boateng, the Librarian 76Roberto Vega, the Mathematician 76CHILDREN OF THE BLOOD

Zhou 'Jenni' Guang, the Historian 76Customs 77Type 
Backgrounds 
Loresheet: The First Inquisition òò 
Loresheet: The Circulatory System òò 
Loresheet: The Week of Nightmares òò 
Shared Relic: The Kharavash Stone 
Heralds from On High 
Members and Agendas 
Baptiste, the Huntsman 
Vitas Varnas, the Lure 
Florian Ribiero, the Prize 
Derek Jacobson, the Bonus 
Customs 
Type 
Backgrounds Mawla òòò 
Resources òò 
Status Flaw, Suspect ò 
The One True Way - Charleston Chapter 
Members and Agendas 
Lyle Cochrane, Chapter Leader 
Frankie Boudreaux, Deacon/Enforcer Mary-Jane Hetherington, Rector/Spy 
Chapel, Pastor/Front Man 
Customs 
Type 
Domain 
Chasse òò 
Lien òòò 
Portillon ò 
Backgrounds 
Influence (Church) òò 
Loresheet: The One True Way òò  
Cult Coterie Types Diocese 
Excommunicates 
Missionaries 
Schism 
Theologian Society 
Background Refinement - Influence (Church) 
Ready-Made Characters 
Lyle Mercer Cochrane III 
Frankie Boudreaux  
Mary-Jane Hollingsworth  78
78
78 78 78 78
78
78
79 79
80 80
80 80
80
80 80 80
80
81
81
82 82 82
82 82
82
82
82
83
83
83 83
83 83
84 84 84
84
85 85
86 88
902
Mithraic Mysteries 98Bargainer (ò)  98Bull-Slayer (òòò)  98Nephilim 98Archangel's Grace (òò)  98Flaw (òòò): Yearning  99Haven 99Holy Ground (ò)  99Shrine (ò to òòò)  99Domain 100Built-in Flock (Chasse) (ò)  100Mithraeum (Chasse) (òò)  100Community Outreach (Lien) (ò)  100Networked (Portillon) (ò)  100Bloodlines and Loresheets 100Bloodlines 100Loresheets 100LITTLE SIBLINGS 101GRUDGE MASTERS 102THE ASHFINDERS  103AMARANTHAN 104CLEOPATRAS 105MENELEANS 106THE ONE TRUE WAY 107STARFALL RANCH 108Table of ConTenTs

Chapel  92NEW ADVANTAGES 95Merits and Flaws 95Apocryphal Texts (ò)  95Inspired Artist (òòò)  95Travelling Preacher (òò)  96Flaw (òò or òòòòò): Excommunicated  96Flaw (òò): Faithless  96Ashfinders  96Influencer (òò)  96Memories of the Fallen (Thin-Bloods) (òò)  97Bahari 97Gardener (ò to òòòòò)  97Dark Mother's Song (òò)  97Church of Caine 97Fire Resistant (ò)  97Flaw (ò): Schism (Lasombra)  97Church of Set 97Fixer (òò)  97Go to Ground (ò)  98Vigilant (òò)  98Cult of Shalim 98Gematria (ò)  98Insidious Whispers (òò)  98




    The Tremere ignored the jibe, pulling his laptop from his bag. Typing on a few keys for a moment, he turned the screen for Baptiste to see, but carefully kept it from the view of other people carousing the area. Baptiste only needed to see a glimpse of the orgy to recognize his own face and body.
    "Hello Baptiste," he said finally. "We should talk about your membership in the Nephilim."
ò ò ò
LAST WEEK 
    "We all ... rejoice ... in the blood of the Nephilim!"
   Baptiste thrusted one more time before stepping away from the writhing mass of naked flesh. He affectionately stroked the back of one of his paramours as he watched for a moment. The act of physical sex was less interesting than the lead up, but it was often inspiring. The chase, the flirting, the dance, it was all a wonderful way to feed, and an enjoyable pursuit in its own right. But he was blocked on his latest artistic creation, and he hoped the collection of beautiful young flesh spread out before him would give the right creative spark to finish his latest work.
    He walked over to the chaise lounge, where several equally beautiful mortals lay, exhausted by the combination of sex and blood loss. He sat down beside them, examining his options. He was debating between tasting a curvaceous woman and a heavily-tattooed non-binary morsel when his eye was attracted to another woman walking around the edge of the orgy. 
    She wore extraordinarily little, although more than anyone else here, if Baptiste was being honest. She was whispering and laughing with a number of influential Nephilim, the hosts of this little bacchanal. It wasn't her grace that drew his attention, or her body. It wasn't the green, feathered mask she wore around her eyes, although that was quite fetching. Instead, his eye was drawn to the elaborate, ornate tattoo that covered her back. A gorgeous tattoo of a giant cobra.
ò ò ò
NOW
    "Gorgeous tattoos in the photo," Baptiste said, glibly. "Nice composition overall. Where'd you get it?"
    Roberto closed the lid of the laptop. "I'm a digital investigator," he said. "I find information other people want to keep hidden."
    "That must be hard when vampires can't even use a cell phone," Baptiste said, dramatically yawning into his hand.
    Roberto stiffened as the shot hit home, and his terra-cotta skin briefly flushed in anger. The Tremere shook his head and stared into Baptiste's eyes, trying to resume the thread of his tirade. "Look, we're both members of you-know-what."
    "You mean the Camarilla?" Baptiste said, derailing Roberto again as he smiled his third-best smile.
    "Shut up," the Tremere said through gritted teeth. "You don't know who's listening."
    Baptiste got up. "You're the one who confronted me in an outdoor cafÚ. But if you don't want to talk...."
    "We're both members of you-knowwhat," Roberto continued. "And our local community leader frowns on membership in cults."
    Baptiste shrugged, but sat back down.
6
ò ò ò
    Baptiste stood back up and walked over to the new arrival. "Excuse me," Baptiste said, carefully placing his hand on the woman's back. On the beautiful cobra. "You seem lost."
    She turned and smiled. "On the contrary, I've definitely been found," she purred, looking his dark, nude form up and down. "And I see you've dressed for the occasion."
    He turned on his third-best smile. "I am always eager to please. But it seems you're interested in something more than the buffet on display." He waved vaguely at the moaning, screaming mass of exquisite flesh.
    "Indeed," she said, and offered her hand. "My name is Mel, and I'm curious to learn more about this little ... group."
Baptiste raised an eyebrow. 
"And...?"
    Her lips parted in a dazzling smile. "Why, the blood of the archangel, of course."
    The Toreador upgraded his smile to his second-best. "Of course - I'd be happy to tell you all about it," he lied.
ò ò ò
    "If you don't want me to tell our leader about it...." 
    Roberto was still babbling, so Baptiste cut into his flow again. "I get it. You're blackmailing me. Badly, I might add, but I'm interested to see where this goes. What do you want in exchange for your silence?"
    Roberto's face struggled between relief and annoyance before settling on frustration. He opened the laptop again and pointed to one face in the picture. "I need to know about one of the attendees of this particular...." He curled his lip in disgust. "Meeting."
    Baptiste noticed the tasteful green mask at once. "Who is she?" he asked, innocently.
    "Her name is Mel, and I have reason to believe you know her."
    The Diva grabbed one of his dreadlocks and toyed with it, looking bored. "Well, I don't. Your elaborate scheme has collapsed, I'm afraid."
    Roberto leaned forward, speaking in a fierce whisper. "If you don't tell me what you know, I'll..."
    Baptiste flung the dreadlock aside. "You'll reveal my cult membership to the prince, yes? Exposing me for violating the rule about heresy. Well, that'll go badly for you."
"Why?"
    Baptiste turned on his second-best smile again. "Because I'll tell her you're a secret member of the Church of Set."
ò ò ò
   "I used to be part of the Church of Set," Mel said. Baptiste had grabbed a robe from the storeroom as they moved away from the groaning, heaving masses. The ghoul - Baptiste quickly deduced her mortality - tried to trick and manipulate him into telling her about the secrets of the Nephilim. But he was a vampire with preternatural charm, and before long she was telling him everything.
    He handed Mel a tissue from the pocket of his robe. She waved it off, wiped her eyes with the back of her hand, and continued. "He had me bound to them for a long time. Months, maybe a year. I've lost track of time."
"He?" Baptiste asked.
    "He said he was a magician of some kind," she admitted.
"A Tremere?"
    "Yeah, I think," she said. "I only knew him as 'Mr. Vega.'"
"Ah," Baptiste said. "That 
Tremere. I'd like to meet him."
    Mel suddenly looked scared. "Oh, you can't do that," she said. "He's very paranoid. He won't meet with anyone unless he has to."
    "Do you have a cell phone?" he said suddenly.
    She laughed and gestured to herself. "No room for one in this outfit, 
I'm afraid. But I have one in my car."
    "Go get it, and let's lure Mr. Vega into the open."
ò ò ò
    "Once I found these pictures on her phone, I needed to know what happened to her," he said. All pretense at blackmailing Baptiste was gone. Now the angry, volatile sorcerer was replaced with a desperate, scared vampire. "She's been gone for about a week."
    "What's so special about her?" Baptiste asked, feigning interest.
    "She's my ghoul. My favorite ghoul. She had such ... spiritual potential." Roberto put his head in his hands. "Then one day she refused to drink my blood and just ... left. I don't know where. I don't know why."
    He looked up at Baptiste. "I just want to find her. And the pictures on her phone were ... evocative."
ò ò ò
    Mel swiped her screen again. "These pictures are ... evocative," she said. They were back at his apartment, looking over the pictures from the orgy. She had convinced one of the exhausted mortals to take them before shuffling back to the chaise. Baptiste suggested they finished their plotting in secret, and she agreed to go to his place. "Do you think they'll be enough?" she asked.
    "Do you doubt me?" Baptiste asked. He gave her his second-best smile.
    "No, no," she said, smiling nervously. "I just don't understand what these will accomplish. If I send them to him, he'll suspect a trap."
    "Mr. Vega is some kind of computer expert, is he not? No doubt he'll recover them from your phone once you go missing."
    She looked blankly at Baptiste for a moment, as if she didn't hear him correctly. "What do you mean, missing?"
He looked her up and down. 
"You are lovely, I cannot deny that." He took a step closer. "But you work against true beauty." Another step. "The beauty of the archangel."
    He put a hand over her mouth before she could scream. "I will preserve the most beautiful part of you. 
Shhh. Don't worry." 
ò ò ò
    Baptiste put a hand on Roberto's shoulder. "Shhh. Don't worry. I will do what I can to bring you to the next meeting. You can ask around for Mel."
    The Tremere wiped blood tears away from his eyes with the back of his hand. "Really?"
    "Of course, my friend," Baptiste said. "I'll even show you this lovely tattoo I've preserved."
    And he gave Roberto his absolute best smile.



Introduction
 "You were expecting guttering candles and hooded robes. Childe,  we're not that kind of cult. We're something far more interesting."
- Baptiste, helping an initiate into their new faith

Many Kindred convince themselves cults are something only for deluded mortals. Vampires are steeped in more intrigue and mystery than the typical human experiences in a lifetime. When a mortal devotes their mayfly life to a secret society, that human believes they've reached the apex of conspiracy, tapping into some hidden faith or arcane god that truly rules the world. But some Kindred manipulate those mortal cults, and they know there's nothing out there except undead cunning and a relentless thirst. It's hard for them to imagine a strong, powerful vampire falling for a similar scam.
    But the truth is, vampires crave faith just as much as mortals. Sure, they might be the one behind the curtain in a mortal cult, but that doesn't mean there isn't really something out there. Hell, methuselahs are creatures so powerful a human would struggle distinguishing them from a demigod, and even those powerful creatures live in awe and dread of their progenitors. Who isn't to say there might not be something to such devotion? Maybe it's best to whisper a prayer or light a candle, just in case.
    Kindred are addicted to secrets. They hide themselves from the world, from humans, from other vampires, and from their own conscience. Everything that passes through their lips is a lie, even if it's the truth. If a vampire decides to seek something greater than themselves, they use the systems and structures they're familiar with. The same secret societies, conspiracies, and cults they mock mortals for flocking to.
    Maybe the mortals aren't the deluded sheep the Kindred believe them to be.
    But there's no specific kind of Kindred that falls into a cult or creates one. One can point to clans like the Tremere with their rigorous structures and elaborate rituals, and arguably call them "cults." The truth is, however, even the anarchic Brujah and the individualistic Gangrel crave salvation. Anyone from the Caitiff to the Hecata, from the Toreador to the Lasombra, from the Camarilla to the Anarchs, might want a creed to follow or a god to bow down to.
    In fact, there's no such thing as "an average cultist." There are no faceless, chanting hordes standing in hooded robes while staring at a pentagram marked out in black candles. Instead, just scratch the surface of a Kindred heresy, and you'll find the same thing you'd discover in just about any faith: a diverse group of individuals who all have their own thoughts, opinions, and agendas.
Here are some of them.

10

spective cults ... and themselves. They can be your enemies or your allies, as you choose.
ò Cult Coteries - Several new coteries, comprised of the characters presented within. In addition, you will discover new coterie types to add alongside the ones in both Vampire: The Masquerade and Cults of the Blood Gods, as well as a coterie of ready-made player character cultists, so players can dive right into the world of hidden faiths and heresies.
ò New Advantages - New 
Merits, Flaws, Loresheets, and Bloodlines, including ones specifically designed for cults, to apply to cultist characters, or any appropriate Vampire: The Masquerade characters.
Faces,  New and Old
To the established fans of 
Vampire: The Masquerade, some of the characters in this book may ring a bell. Some of them have indeed appeared in previous edition sourcebooks, and this is the first time they've been updated for this edition of Vampire. Others have appeared in minor ways in other sourcebooks for this edition of Vampire, and they're now being fleshed out with full biographies for the first time.
    We strongly encourage Storytellers to use this book alongside others they might own, such as Chicago by Night (you can add any of these characters to that domain, if the city needs more Kindred of a cultist variety), Let the Streets Run Red (characters in this book based in Milwaukee and Indianapolis expand the brief bios they receive in the story Innocence in Blood), and Trails of Ash and Bone (where you'll recognize a name or two from here, as well). Never be afraid also of switching a character's cult. If you want Belinde Buch to be a Nephilim or even a member of the Bahari, instead of a Cleopatra, it's an easy switch to make. It also says something about her domain, in your chronicle. If you want Derek Robertson as an enforcer for the Hecata, by all means 
inTroducTion
switch his surname to Dunsirn or rename him fully as Dario Puttanesca. They're easy changes to make, and Storytellers should never feel constrained by what's on the page. 
    The coterie chapter in this book exists not just for the characters outlined in it, but to encourage players to think of how they'd fit into such a structure, or how the SPCs in this book might function together, even when they appear dysfunctional. If you want to move a character out and replace them with another, go ahead. A clash of faiths makes for potent drama, especially when characters find the only thing binding them to be the Blood.
    Ultimately, we want Vampire fans to make use of these characters in inventive, inspiring ways. Whether you position them as supporting characters, short-term antagonists, or long-running villains in your chronicles, they should be there to enter your player characters' orbits, offer, demand, threaten, or lure, and be played as memorably as possible. Fine tune the tragedy, play up the horror, and make every SPC in your tale as evocative as possible.



Believers and Charlatans
"I can see it all...working toward an end game, a greater goal.  
The time is coming when  drenched in gore and gnashing our teeth  we will rise and be made whole. T hat, or else we will perish."
 RaÝz, in blood on her apartment wall

There is no one reason for Kindred to find faith. Some had it in life and clung to it in undeath; some were sucked into eerie cults and twisted rites, looking for power or allies. Others feel it burning within, a new sensation they seek to understand. A few fake it to get by from night to night. Whatever the reason, these Kindred are enmeshed in the overlapping nets of clan, coterie, and cult. They may be allies or adversaries, trusted mentors, or the power behind the throne, but all seek something.
    Though many of the SPCs in this chapter have been placed in specific locations and most have backstories that place them in various historical events, Storytellers are encouraged to tweak any of them to fit in at the table. Clans, generation, Blood Potency, and any other relevant attributes may also be adjusted as needed. Perhaps Tobias' Starfall Ranch is in Montana or Ukraine. Maybe Lyle 
Cochrane fought in the Revolutionary War instead of the Civil War, or else he fought for the North. How does her character change if Misery is a Toreador sired by Erzulie, in Chicago, instead of being sired and abandoned by Marcus Vitel in Vancouver? It's even possible all the vampires in this chapter inhabit the same domain. If so, what do their coteries and webs of influence look like, and how do their cults help or hinder the others? 
    If the reader is familiar with other sourcebooks such as Let the Streets Run Red and Trails of Ash and Bone, they will find several characters fleshed out from brief descriptions in those supplements. As with the other SPCs presented here, they can be extracted from the domains specified and placed wherever suitable for your needs.
FLORIAN RIBIERO
Epitaph: Mathematics Savant
Quote: "There is an order in all things, whether you like it or not."
Clan: Toreador
Embraced: 2021 (Born 1996)
MORTAL DAYS: PRODIGY
    Florian was born and raised in SÒo Paulo, Brazil. Both of his parents were engineers, and he grew up around plans for bridges and architectural measurements. If asked, he says he always had a knack for recognizing patterns and sequences. He easily fell into games like chess and found tasks involving numeracy to be second nature.
    While other child prodigies were often distant and aloof, Florian was always warm and gregarious. At times, he made off-color remarks about the beautiful symmetry of someone's face, but those remarks were always in the positive. He graduated from the University of SÒo Paulo with master's degrees in both mathematics and quantum mechanics. He was obsessed with discovering how the universe fit together and the underlying patterns that made it all predictable. He wanted to find God, not as a sentient, personified force, but as an underlying equation. A thing that existed beneath the veneer of reality as humans perceive it.
   His thesis on the "God Equation" was considered innovative by the scientific community and his treatises on the subject were widely read, even by peers who disagreed with his conclusions. To Florian, the adulation of his colleagues was secondary to the discovery of the truth. A truth that only science and examination could reveal. However, the praise he received caught the attention of one of the Kindred of SÒo Paulo, the Toreador Bernardo da Silva who wished to bask in his reflected glow. Florian was seduced by the older man, who possessed a vibrant charisma he found irresistible. The two became lovers and, when asked if he wanted to spend eternity with this man, to continue his magnificent work forever, he accepted.
KINDRED NIGHTS: QUEST FOR PERFECTION
    The Embrace alone was not what troubled Florian most, it was the fact that this supernatural world existed at all. He saw no rational reason for vampires' existence. To him, they were as implausible as a literal God. Even as da Silva did his best to teach the ways of the Kindred, he found his childe growing more disillusioned with his life's work. If the lessons about their powers of persuasion were to be taken at face value, Florian wondered if he had ever loved Bernardo at all or was under his insidious influence the whole time.
    Bernardo cared for Florian, however, and he dedicated himself to trying to find the answers to the mind-rending questions the fledgling was posing of this new reality. Unfortunately for him, Florian found his instruction was insufficient and began probing for access to Kindred scholars who could assist him. Various names were put to him, the likes of Beckett and Netchurch. However, it was the name of Roger de Camden that struck him most. A man who had not only studied the intricacies of the transition between life and death in some detail, but who was connected to an ancient vampire of immeasurable knowledge and power. A Kindred who, some said, was the very personification of order and stability in the world.
    It was settled, Florian travelled to the UK to supplicate himself before this Cult of Mithras and present himself as a student ready for instruction. Bernardo, unwilling to disappoint his wayward childe, provided him with transport to the city of Edinburgh and a stipend to support him while he found his way through his issues. How long the young man would hold the focus of his erstwhile lover was unknown to him, but Florian didn't care. What was love next to the ultimate truth of the universe? What was a fleeting caress when compared to the total understanding of the mysteries of existence? Florian believed that Mithras holds the key to those answers, and he dedicates himself to uncovering them.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Debunk the Magic: Florian believes there is a perfectly reasonable explanation for all of this Kindred business. He's dedicated to uncovering it, using the knowledge of ancient vampires. He knows, however, that to attain those secrets, he must first throw himself upon the mercy of those who see their God as a personage, not a single, glorious pattern.
ò Harmony in all Things: Florian's search for perfection is more than a desire for beauty or aesthetic purity. He believes all things, even those that seem senseless and pointless to the mortal understanding of morality, are part of a huge and ever-evolving mathematical pattern. This draws him to inquiring minds and he seeks to surround himself with those who are on a similar quest for knowledge.
ò Nephilim Target: Though he's not aware of them yet, the Nephilim tabernacle in the UK have become aware of Florian's arrival in Edinburgh. If the Mithraists fail to offer him what he seeks, they believe they can sway him to their side. Florian may be attracted to their mantra of questing for personal perfection if he's to hear of it.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò New Town Apartment (Haven 2) Florian's generous stipend from Bernardo enabled him to buy a well-appointed apartment in Edinburgh's New Town, close to the center of Prince Roger's power.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Dr Alexei Fedorov (Allies 2) Alexei is a mathematician doing research at Heriot-Watt University. He keeps Florian in touch with developments in the scientific community and challenges him to weekly chess games. Alexei has a bit of a crush on and hero worships the young prodigy, who he's heard all about.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Bernardo da Silva (Distant Support, Mawla 1, Resources 3) His sire maintains long-distance affection for his childe and, so long as this remains the case, Florian may peruse the city and socialize with its Kindred at his leisure. However, his sire is unlikely to retain his interest in the young man indefinitely and such a change of heart would necessitate a new benefactor.
ò Prince Roger de Camden (Curious, Mawla 1) Since his appearance in the city, the Prince has been happy to sway the young man to the Mithraic way of thinking. He finds the persistence of Florian's demands - which seem to come whenever the fancy takes the young Toreador - as an irritation to his contempla-
tions. However, he has extended him the hospitality of the city and begins instructing him in the ways of the cult.
ò Annatoliya (Watching Brief) Tipped off by spies loyal to her sire, Anna has an eye on Florian and is considering recruiting his friend in the cafÚ to her side as a thrall, in order to push him toward the Nephilim's waiting arms.
WHISPERS: 
ò Question of Liability: While Florian's thirst for answers is pleasing to his peers in the Mithraic cult, his persistence in questioning those outside of the cult's sway makes some consider him a liability to their cause who is vulnerable to outside influence.
ò Doting Sire: Talk around court is that Florian's sire is a very wealthy Kindred who lavishes his wealth upon his childe. Such generosity could be exploited by the right people.
ò Rival of Scholars: Kindred with established influence in the universities of Edinburgh find Florian's presence and fame within the science and mathematics faculties of the establishments unsettling. They fear that he may wrest their influence from their grasp with ease.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Florian's a skinny young man, with a narrow but smiling face and curious brown eyes. He's fastidiously tidy and neat, even when dressing casually. His hair is permanently set in a short-cropped cut, with severe lines as though it were plotted out by a landscape gardener. He sees no need to identify himself as anything other than Florian Ribiero, occasionally as Dr. Ribiero, when being addressed by his peers.
ò Florian is extremely polite in conversation, to a fault. Many find his incredibly considerate way of speaking disingenuous. However, he has no such compunctions about people's time and will contact them at his leisure or, occasionally, abruptly end a dialogue when he feels it has concluded. He expresses surprise and genuine regret when people are shocked by this behavior.
ò If physically threatened, Florian immediately flees. He's under no illusions about being a fighter and sees bravery as a vice rather than a virtue. He only defends himself if absolutely cornered.
sire: Bernardo da Silva ambition: Prove God is a lie
Convictions: Protect the knowledgeable; Educate the unknowing whenever one can touchstones: Dr. Alexei Fedorov, Physics Researcher - Florian's frequent companion and confidante; Lucy McFarlane, CafÚ Owner - Florian's pet project humanity: 7 Generation: 11th Blood Potency: 1 attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2; Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Composure 3; Intelligence 
5, Wits 4, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 5, Willpower 6 skills: Drive 2, Stealth 2; Etiquette 1, Insight 2, Leadership 1, Persuasion 2; Academics (Mathematics) 3, Awareness 2, Investigation (Research) 3, Medicine 1, Occult 1, Science (Physics) 3, Technology (Computers) 2 disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1 General difficulties: 4/3
LANDON DANKWORTH  
"FATHER CHRISTIAN PATRIOT"
Epitaph: Proudly Deluded
Quote: "Those Anarchs had better kick up what they owe, or there's gonna be a reckoning." Clan: Thin-Blood
Embraced: 2020 (Born 1971)
MORTAL DAYS:  
OVERWHELMING RESENTMENT AND PRIDE
   Landon Dankworth was born into a life of moderate hardship, as the fourth son of a single mother in a community outside Little Rock, Arkansas. His mother wasn't neglectful or harsh, but she couldn't provide everything Landon could see in the hands of other kids his age. He attended school when he could, worked a part-time job from an early age to help his mother with the bills, and always kept his head down. He recognized from the people in his community an ideal of "work hard enough and you'll earn your just reward." He did work hard, but the rewards were paltry. As his peers left the state, formed relationships, attended university, or bought nice cars, he was left with about as much as he had as a child: nothing of material worth.
    The Dankworths were, therefore, a poor family. They never had the means to pay their way into the "better" strata of society. But at no point in Landon's young life did he ever learn to empathize with those sharing his position. Instead, his brothers always blamed the individuals lower down the ladder than they, whether the targets were street criminals, people of color, immigrants, or families with slightly worse fortune than the Dankworths. If they worked harder and were honest Americans, the Dankworths wouldn't be suffering in the lower echelons of society.
    These lessons instilled two things in Landon: a resentment of those beneath him, who he often blamed for the ills of the world and their own meager position; and an overwhelming pride in his honest approach to hard work. In Landon's mind, and that of his affirming brothers, the world would be a much better place if everyone worked like they did, and looking up at the millionaires, corporate kings, and politicians they admired, the Dankworths recognized in them the same philosophy. They were never at fault. It was always the Mexicans, Black folks, Muslims, and socialists who kept the Dankworths down.
    This twisted ideal compounded in Dankworth a bizarre kind of working-class pride. He never received a trust fund from his parents. He never asked for government aid. He worked every day of his life without being some snooty academic. At a bar one night in his hometown of Paron, Landon was extolling the virtues of his work ethic and the sins of his lessers. He declared (with his twelfth King Slim beer in hand), that "someday, and I swear to God, the people who work hard and ask for nothing in return are gonna get what's theirs." 
   This speech caught the ear of a vampire who was intending on just passing through. Instead, the Kindred stopped and listened.
KINDRED NIGHTS: THE RISE OF AN ICON
    This vampire wasn't what one might call "wise." Court Brookes was an Anarch, in theory, but had never fought against anyone or for anything, instead possessing a semi-objectivist idea that a vampire could make themselves important and powerful through sheer force of will and work. To Court, participating in a society would only dilute the effort. He listened to Dankworth's words and recognized (to his ear) a kindred spirit, and without introducing himself he assaulted, subdued, and Embraced the middle-aged redneck in the bar's restroom. He left Landon with the briefest of introductions to his new state, before patting his shoulder and advising "you make something of yourself, my friend." Court then left Arkansas, as even without wisdom he felt he'd be better off elsewhere, and he was probably right.
    Landon's world changed abruptly with the Embrace. He had to renegotiate his entire simple, prejudicial mindset to accommodate his inability to work at the scrapyard during the day, his need to hunt others at night, and his possible occupancy of a state lower than that of the lowest mortal. Rather than succumb to any form of self-reflection, or gain a greater awareness of the world around him, he instead concluded that he was better off as a vampire and this tiny community would form his herd. Finally, people would look up to him, because they'd receive "just" punishment if they failed to do so. Somehow, Landon convinced himself that he'd earned the Embrace and this new, more robust form of being.
    Through his minor power and neatly corralled community, Dankworth has arranged a convenient cult of personality. He uses Paron's Baptist church to speak (always following the pastor, for whom he still has the utmost respect) on the virtues of hard, honest toil, the depredations of city life (which he's never experienced), how it corrupts those who give in to it, and how one gains glory by reminding those beneath you to pull themselves up by their bootstraps, even if that meant taking their boots away first to really hammer home how they're not appreciative enough of the rights they possess. This message somehow resonates with many among the congregation, who gladly see the until-recently quiet Landon as a local political dynamo.
    Landon's followers have set the thin-blood up online on venues such as Twitter, Facebook, and similar sites, advertising him as a father (technically true, as he does have a child), a Christian (tenuous, as while he attends church it's more to address everyone in one place than to worship), and a patriot (untrue, except as it pertains to his small community, as he feels the urban sections of the United States have fallen to dependency on state aid, the sickness of communism, and liberal fragility), without actually naming him (as they don't trust the "deep state" with his personal details). Their reason for spreading his word to the internet is a simple one: they sincerely believe Landon speaks for the working classes of America, and they're holding their leader up as some kind of icon. His followers routinely post snippets of his unremarkable political and philosophical screeds, which wouldn't be out of place in a bar or a barn, but somehow find an audience online. Unfortunately, a couple of disenfranchised members of the community have posted a counter-narrative, including reports of his night-time activities.
    Dankworth is unaware of any of this, and doesn't own a PC or mobile phone. However, at least a few vampires have heard of this Kindred known as "Father Christian Patriot" with his own petty fiefdom of fanatics, somewhere out in rural America, and some of his neighbors have taken to referring to him as "Father Christian," even those he's not an ordained minister. While some vampires judge this "Father Christian Patriot" for his utter disregard for the Masquerade (which he would believe is a liberal form of censorship), others see him as among the first of the neo-feudal lords of the 21st century, seizing a domain for himself where the Anarchs and Camarilla don't care to venture.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES:
ò Slow Growth: Dankworth fell into this cult game, but is doing surprisingly well at it, possibly due to his words resonating with the unquestioning crowds in his community. He's not actively trying to expand into other communities, but takes a lot of pride in hearing from his neighbors how they'd been speaking warmly to folks as far south as Owensville and as far north as Thornburg about his righteous words. 
ò Attend Church: Despite lacking any real sense of faith, Dankworth recognizes the utility of a church for bringing people together, and it's a calmer place for doing so than the local roadside bar. He's enlisted the pastor, who agrees wholeheartedly with Dankworth's muddled and hateful views, to invite congregations from elsewhere. Landon primarily hunts those people of Paron who don't attend church despite his invitation.
ò A Gun for Everyone: As part of his diatribes, Landon encourages his followers to carry guns with them wherever they go. He cites the Second Amendment and claims that with firepower, Paron will keep out the communists and the migrant minorities, but actually wants an armed militia due to a fear of Lupines he's developed in recent months.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Paron (Contacts 2, Haven 2, Herd 2, Influence 2, 
Resources 1) Technically, Landon has the run of Paron. It's only a small community, but everyone knows each other and few people (outside those he's pointedly prejudicial against) give him a place to stay and report back to him should he need it. 
ò The Trailer (Haven 1) With his small savings, Dankworth bought his own trailer some years back, where he and his mortal wife and daughter still live. They're sadly supportive of the vampire living beside them.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Dankworth Family (Allies 2) Landon uses his older brothers as lieutenants, though they resent their younger brother bossing them around. His wife and daughter keep him safe during the day.
ò Pastor John Relish (Retainer 1) Landon's words resonate with the man of the cloth, who has begun to see "Father Christian Patriot" (the pastor helped set up his website) as a protÚgÚ and political savant. He's keen to help Dankworth direct his words against the Baptist church's enemies. Dankworth doesn't know why Relish keeps calling him "Father Christian," but values the pastor too highly to correct him.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Court Brookes (Forgotten Sire) If Court could see Landon now, he'd probably approve. As it is, he has no relationship with his misbegotten childe, but prolifically goes around Embracing loudmouths like him every few months before moving to another domain.
ò Gabriella (Troll) The Nosferatu gamer based in Chicago (see Let the Streets Run Red, p. 193) is aware of "Father Christian Patriot" because her online followers entered a feud with his online followers, culminating when Gabriella received a death threat through her haven mailbox. As she doesn't advertise her address, she's concerned about what Dankworth's followers might do next.
WHISPERS:
ò Vampire Bot: Father Christian Patriot doesn't actually exist - he's a bot made up from algorithms of popular populist posts, with a monstrous edge incorporated inadvertently due to the upcoming release of an anticipated vampire video game.
ò On the List: Dankworth's conspicuous activities have resulted in people visiting friends and relatives in Paron and those who stumble over his social media 

PLAYING WITH PREJUDICE
A character such as Father Christian Patriot can be played up or down to the extent the players of your Vampire: The Masquerade game enjoy. Bear in mind that when invoking characters such as he, humor is one natural outcropping, as many people find comfort in mocking such bigotry, while hatred or upset is another. His views, and the views of many of his followers, are abhorrent. Therefore, it is vital for the Storyteller to check with the players before utilizing a character like this to that extent. If the players and Storyteller don't want an antagonist like Dankworth spewing his prejudicial bile, then he can focus entirely on his misguided pride, be adjusted to suit the story, or be replaced by a different antagonist.

presence (which he doesn't maintain personally) discussing it, with rumors reaching the ears of Archon Dawn Nakada, who feels this imbecile needs nipping in the bud.
ò Hate Crimes: Dankworth's always harbored hateful views, often cloaked under the guise of patriotism and earnest belief. His Beast manifests through his hatred of people different to himself, resulting in a series of hate crimes taking place in and around Paron.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Landon Dankworth is a tall, barrel-chested white man, with thickly calloused hands, a strong jaw, and a receding hairline of red hair. His skin is remarkably ruddy for a vampire. Dankworth commonly wears the overalls or dungarees and plaid he wore as a working man. 
ò Dankworth is a quiet man when he's working or in unfamiliar surroundings, but when he's surrounded by others who share even a fraction of his views, he becomes a bombastic orator of middling skill, deploring the activities of those he views as draining the good will and generosity of his community and the American state, and holding back all the honest workers out there. His words can easily turn to that of outright hate speech if he feels comfortable expressing them (and he usually does, considering anyone who takes offense "weak" or "liberal"). As always, the Storyteller should make sure that everyone is comfortable with this kind of content.
ò Dankworth doesn't run the Father Christian Patriot profile himself, and lacks any form of cover identity 
he can present to Kindred or kine. While the Father Christian Patriot identity doesn't name him, it does name his community. (Mask 1) 
sire: Court Brookes
ambition: Give everyone the liberty to follow my every word
Convictions: My freedom of speech is the most vital thing touchstones: Pastor John Relish - friend, confidante, and mentor. humanity: 5 Generation: 15th
Blood Potency: 0
attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Composure 1; Intelligence 
2, Wits 2, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 4
skills: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Craft (Furniture) 3, Drive 2, Firearms 1; Animal Ken 2, Intimidation (Prejudice) 
2, Leadership 2, Persuasion 2; Awareness 1, Politics 
2, Technology (Motors) 3 disciplines: Presence 1 thin-Blood Merits: 
ò  Discipline Affinity: Presence ò  Lifelike thin-Blood Flaws: ò  Bestial Temper ò  Dead Flesh 
General difficulties: 4/2
GLORIA FLORES "GUMS"
Epitaph: Monstrous Makeup Artist
Quote: *guttural grunts and growls*
Clan: Nosferatu
Embraced: 2018 (Born 1982)
MORTAL DAYS: PURVEYOR OF BEAUTY
    Fabulous Flores - that was how she was known. Gloria had an innate understanding of human desire, an eye for beauty. The faces of her clients were a canvas on which she produced masterpieces gracing stage and screen. While the adoring public raved about how fantastic a performer looked in the latest big production, Gloria reaped the rewards in private. From her upbringing doing nails and hair in her mother's salon, she had become the name in Hollywood makeup artistry.
    Not only was she in demand with every major studio the world over, her private consultations, online video tutorials and chain of Flores brand salons made her incredibly wealthy and one of the most eligible ladies in Los Angeles.
    Her life was to take a turn when she received an offer too good to turn down from a private client with a Hollywood Hills mansion. The man's associates were an odd bunch, but the money they offered was four times her asking price. When she was finally shown her client's face, she almost regurgitated the protein shake she had for lunch. He was more akin to a goblin than a man, with gnarled, white skin, like birch tree bark. His mouth stretched wide in a welcoming smile, with two prominent incisors right at the front like the maw of a mutated rat. In his throat were slits wheezing and hissing like a busted accordion when he spoke in a sibilant string of syllables which she had to strain to hear. He assured her she could not walk out of this meeting. She had a choice, either she could complete his hair, makeup, and style consultation without showing a single trace of disgust, or he would make her like him. Fearing a beating, and permanent disfigurement at the hands of his goons, she complied. But as she tried to apply a foundation to his discolored face, part of his skin flaked off and stuck to her brush, causing her to wretch.
"Too bad..." hissed her sire, "such a pretty one."
KINDRED NIGHTS: IMAGE OF MONSTROSITY
    The Embrace was an unimaginable torment. Gloria heard her bones splinter and crack as her lungs burned and her body convulsed with whatever poison he had forced down her throat. Gloria was vaguely aware of being taken somewhere, all the while screaming and cursing, her voice becoming raspy and her mouth rancid with the foul taste of the ichor the man drained into her mouth. She passed in and out of consciousness, eventually awakening in an underground chamber that smelled like a sewer. As her eyes swam into focus, she saw she was held by chains hanging from the ceiling and manacled to the wall. She saw her attacker step out of the shadows and opened her mouth to bark accusations at him, but all that emerged were rasps, grunts, and growls. Her tongue felt thin and unfamiliar. Her mouth, horrifically distended, felt like it opened her head clean in half. Looking down, her flesh had become pale, sunken, and hung limply from her bones like a wet garment.
    Her hair did not brush her shoulders as she turned, her limbs were enormously long and her once voluptuous body was stretched and flattened like pulled taffy. She was no longer Gloria Flores, she was "Gums."
   Her sire taught her the ways of the underground and the reality of her life. As much as she hated him, she felt comfort only in his presence. A strange magnetism made him feel like an estranged father who she hated and loved in equal measure. He fed her from rats and stray animals for a time, before graduating her to humans. The way they quailed and soiled themselves as she loped out of the darkness to pounce was her worst nightmare. Their eyes stared up at her once fabulous face in terror as her iron grip choked them into submission for the feast to come. Then her black tongue, whipping like a serpent's, slurping over the mottled and crooked bite marks on their necks to cover the evidence.
    After many travels, she was taken in by a kindly Kindred in New Jersey, called Shaker. An earless woman with a round head and skin so black she resembled an 8-ball. She showed her kindness and told her the tales of her clan. Gums drank this information in, desperate to learn more. She was particularly fascinated by the idea of the Nictuku. These hideous creatures, supposedly scouring the Earth of Nosferatu. She was ecstatic at this notion and sought to help them in their holy mission. She decided there and then to locate them and join their ranks.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Locate the Cult: Rumors of Nictuku worshipers are prized above all by Gums. She tracks them down with zeal in the hope of becoming one of them. Her ultimate goal is to be the one who personally offers up her sire as a morsel to her masters and she's happy 
to sacrifice as many Nosferatu as it takes to achieve it.
ò Rediscover Beauty: While Gums will never fit classic beauty standards, she desires more than anything else to practice her work once more. She keeps rows of mannequins like a makeshift terracotta army in her secluded haven, each of which is expertly daubed with makeup, dressed, and wigged by Gloria. She wishes to find a Kindred with the stomach to sit in her chair and let her work.
ò Father's Day: Gums may hate her sire, and he may not be interested in her, but she's far more interested in news of affairs from Los Angeles than her new home. While other Nosferatu excel in gathering information to trade to local Kindred, Gums only has eyes for her former home and, particularly, her sire's name.
ò Public Eye: Gums' fortune and fame was at its height when she was forcefully Embraced into her new existence, and while one might think her garish visage is enough to hide her identity, hardcore fans still recognize her - to her dismay. She has to keep an eye on celebrity news sites theorizing she's still alive and kill rumors when she's spotted or recorded. 
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Sewer Chamber (Haven 3) Gums has been housed by Shaker in an abandoned pumping station in the New Jersey sewer system. It serves as a haven and a way to stay off the streets, where she's a walking Masquerade breach. She keeps it tightly sealed against intrusion and anyone who entered would find it hard to spot her among the many hidden passages, tunnels, and clefts in the walls and ceiling Gums' lanky frame can slide through.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Ramona Gallo (Allies 1, Contacts 2) Ramona was Gloria's protÚgÚ and best friend. She was her colleague in her mother's salon and heir apparent to her fortune after her "death." Gloria remains in contact with her through her online consultancy and always ensures she has enough money to pay for a few of those sessions each month.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Antonio "The Whisper" Garcia-Franca (Marked Man) Gloria will have her revenge on her sire for what he did to her. She heard he's a man of reasonable pull within the Los Angeles Nosferatu so may need to slice off a few layers of that onion before reaching him.
ò Shaker (Sympathy) The two women feel sorry for each other, for entirely different reasons. Shaker is devastated at how badly the Nosferatu curse affected Gums. Gloria is simply sad that one day even Shaker will be served to the Nictuku.
WHISPERS: 
ò Mythical Creature: Gums is a name spoken of as a sort of horror story around campfires and in ghost stories told by high school kids with upward facing flashlights.
ò Soft Touch: Despite looking like a gorilla that's been run through a pasta maker, Gums has a deft touch and gentle demeanor. She regularly invites Kindred to follow her to her haven but is regularly rebuffed.
ò Cosmetic Bandit: It is widely known among Kindred that Gums is responsible for the large number of thefts of cosmetics and clothing from upmarket department stores.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Gums is a long, grotesque creature with pale, gray skin and a bald head. Her body is warped beyond recognition of her former identity. Her main feature is a wide, thin lipped maw from where her name derives. When opened wide, it seems to split her head in half and is ringed with serrated fangs hiding a black, thrashing tongue.
ò Gums' change ravaged her vocal cords and robbed her of the power of speech. She only communicates through a succession of guttural noises. Few can make much sense of what she says, and she often relies on gestures or written words.
ò Unable to hide her appearance effectively, Gums travels only in the dark and has become adept at stowing away on freight trains and trucks.
sire: Antonia Garcia-Franca ambition: Destroy the Nosferatu
Convictions: Keep the Flores brand alive at all costs touchstones: Ramona Gallo, CEO, Flores Beauty 
- colleague and friend humanity: 6 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1 attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2; Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Composure 2; Intelligence 
2, Wits 3, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 5, Willpower 5 skills: Athletics 2, Craft (Makeup) 3, Drive 2, Larceny 2, Melee 1, Stealth 3, Survival 2; Etiquette 2, Insight 3, Intimidation 3, Performance 1, Subterfuge 
1; Awareness 3, Finance 2, Investigation 2, Science 
(Cosmetics) 2, Technology 2 disciplines: Obfuscate 2, Potence 1 General difficulties: 4/3
VITAS VARNAS
Epitaph: Struggling Actor
Quote: "This Masquerade is going to hurt my fame!"
Clan: Thin-Blood
Embraced: 2019 (Born 1992)
MORTAL DAYS: BIG DREAMS
    Vitas was born in Sydney, Australia and possessed with the urge to be a world-renowned actor. He wanted the lifestyle, to travel the world performing, and be recognized for his talents. In pursuit of his dream, he moved as fast as he could and made his way to Los Angeles to be a Hollywood star.
    Stardom never came for Vitas. Each audition he attended, the producers went out of their way to find something wrong with him. The wrong hairstyle, the way he stood, his accent, his delivery of the lines. It felt like nothing was going to go his way.
   His agent set him up with some small-time theater work in Chicago to hone his skills and to help him work on maintaining a more American art-chic style that would please the eyes of production companies and directors. He gained small roles in local television and commercials, but nothing like the big breakthrough he hoped for. Vitas held on to his dream, undeterred, and redoubled his efforts to get the life he always wanted. He established a popular blog detailing his efforts and his struggle to become a famous actor, all the while maintaining a sideline on the same blog about his investigations into the paranormal. Ever consumed by wanderlust and mysteries, he'd jump in his car and tear out of L.A. whenever he picked up a lead on unexplained phenomena.
    This determination drew the eyes of a vampire who wished to make Vitas his ghoul and his eyes and ears in the Chicago arthouse scene. Vitas responded to an audition set up by the Kindred and went through his usual practice of reading the lines of the script, giving his best to make the delivery genuine. The Kindred sat in silence for what seemed like an eternity following Vitas' reading, and he steeled himself for another rejection. What he received was the Embrace.
KINDRED NIGHTS: LIABILITY
   Vitas never knew why the Kindred fell upon him, or why they fled the scene. He awakened alone, filled with a ravenous thirst that no amount of water could quench. Vitas panicked and posted a series of frenzied blog posts which expressed his terror at what had happened to him. Before such a potential breach of the Masquerade could be punished, a Ventrue named Tatyana Makarova took pity on Vitas and sent a coterie in her employ to recover him and deal with the offending blog posts. After instructing him on the proper ways to deal with his new situation, Tatyana introduced him to the court of Chicago where he was mostly treated with the same sort of aloof amusement most of the Hollywood producers showed.
    It was then, as he felt crushed once again, he was contacted by Jed Bishop, a name he recognized from his time in Los Angeles. Jed explained that he'd been following his blog, and offered the fledgling guidance and support in his attempts to continue his dream of acting in a big production.
    While this offer of distant membership was altruistic, it was also a flag to the local Nephilim tabernacle. These enigmatic seekers of perfection approached him about their meetings and their mission. Impressed by what he heard and saw, Vitas now attends small societies associates with them. They assure Vitas, with their guidance, support, and array of contacts, he'll never be overlooked by a producer ever again.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Name in Lights: Vitas dreams of living the life of a Hollywood celebrity, to have his name on the lips of all the TV presenters and talk show hosts he watched so religiously growing up. He no longer wants to observe pop culture, but to become a part of it. He refuses to give up, despite the urging of the court to consider a less public facing career. Vitas feels that even to live his dream for a brief time before "dying young" would be worth it. 
ò Novice Nephilim: Vitas is in touch with a Nephilim tabernacle and the members have enthralled the fledgling with their overwhelming beauty and grace. Truly, this society is something a young, aspiring actor should get on board with. Their membership gives him access to some movers and shakers in the acting profession and their help comes completely for free. In time, they hope to fully convert him and bond him to their cause with the Archangel's blood.
ò Homeward Bound: While he left his home in the hope of making a better life for himself, part of Vitas pines for Australia. The only thing preventing him from boarding the next flight and heading home at once is he doesn't want to return a failure. As a Kindred, returning to Sydney is more complicated still. Anyone who offers him the change to return home safely would likely become his best friend in a heartbeat.
ò Untapped Prodigy: As much as some vampires might write Vitas off as a thin-blood and unsanctioned Embrace, his abilities in acting and begging, and his qualifications in research and IT are incredible. If given the time of night and permitted to survive once a Baron or Prince discovers his existence, he could become a valuable asset.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Apartment (Haven 1) Vitas' surrogate sire provides him with a modest apartment in South Chicago. He sometimes stays at the havens of Nephilim during the day if their nightly activities go on too long.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Maurice "Li'l Mo" Hartston (Retainers 1) Mo is Vitas' agent and resident of Los Angeles. He regularly phones him up with offers of small parts in TV shows and theatrical roles around the city. He's blissfully unaware of Vitas' condition but some of the Nephilim toy with the idea of bringing him into their fold.
ò Fans and Followers (Herd 1) Through his work in the city, Vitas has garnered some small level of local notoriety. Those who form the audiences of exclusive arthouse movie productions and local theater groups often speak fondly of the affable Australian and provide him with various pieces of information or simply an easy meal.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Tatyana Makarova (Surrogate Sire, Mawla 2) Tatyana has taken Vitas under her wing and oversees his education as her pet project. She's uncomfortable with her protÚgÚ being in contact with the famed hedonist, Jed Bishop, and subtly advises Vitas to make his own way.
ò Mr. Addison (Monster at Large) Vitas' sire is completely losing his humanity with each passing night. The formerly reclusive Tremere's descent into wassail is almost inevitable as he becomes less and less coherent. Vitas continues to try to track down his true sire and connect with them in some way, but such a reunion may not be pleasant.
ò Jed Bishop (Just Like Me) Vitas sees Jed as a Kindred in many ways. The difference is that Jed achieved a modicum of success before his own terrible embrace. While Jed certainly returns those feelings when they correspond, many around the city advise Vitas against getting too close to the self-absorbed vampire. His Nephilim friends, however, like the sound of adding another name to their growing membership.
WHISPERS: 
ò Breach Cause: While Vitas was cleared of any fault by Prince Jackson, owing to his inexperience and the manner of his Embrace, there are those traditionalists at court who continue to see him as a liability and danger.
ò Price of Fame: Many people in life encouraged Vitas to pursue his dreams of stardom relentlessly. Now that he's Kindred, many of his sire's rivals work to sabotage him and state in Elysium that a famous face that never ages is not a good look with the Second Inquisition coming to prominence.
ò Shattered Dreams: Despite his drifting toward the Nephilim, Vitas' bright-eyed enthusiasm and dedication to a lifelong dream attracted the attention of Rabbi Basaras of the Cult of Shalim, also. Instead of lifting him up, the Lasombra wants to see how he would handle being crushed.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Being thin-blooded means Vitas is less at risk of detection owing to his niche fame. He continues to pursue his career much as he did before, not feeling a need to change his identity or seek to change his lifestyle yet.
ò Vitas is a chiseled, Hollywood poster-boy with dark hair, brown eyes and a body crafted through long hours at the gym. Many people are drawn to his appearance, though his pride in it has been dented by his rejections in Hollywood for prettier faces.
ò To young Kindred, Vitas is seen as friendly, outgoing, and passionate with a determination to be helpful and successful. Older Kindred highlight his inexperience, naivete and need to be accepted as weaknesses.
ò When not pursuing his nightly life, Vitas continues to maintain his blog. Tatyana allowed this on the condition the offending posts were removed and explained away as "a really bad weekend." He posts infrequently since his Embrace, but his musings are still well-read. Some Kindred are concerned as to who's monitoring those channels, but for now, Vitas is considerate toward the Masquerade and always consults Tatyana when he wonders if something he's about to post might expose Kindred activity.
sire: Mr. Addison ambition: Return home as a star Convictions: I will endure the worst to achieve my dreams touchstones: Maurice Hartston, Talent Agent humanity: 7 Generation: 14th Blood Potency: 0
attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Composure 2; Intelligence 
4, Wits 3, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 5
skills: Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Drive 2, Stealth 2; Insight 2, Intimidation 1, Performance (Acting) 3, Persuasion 
(Begging) 3, Streetwise 1; Academics (Research) 3, 
Awareness 1, Finance 1, Investigation 3, Technology 
(Internet) 4 disciplines: Thin-Blood Alchemy 1 THIN-BLOOD MERITS: 
ò Thin-blood Alchemist
THIN-BLOOD FLAWS:
ò Baby Teeth General difficulties: 4/3
OSCAR VASQUEZ  "THE OPERATOR"
Epitaph: Finder of Ashes
Quote: "Raw materials acquired as per agreement. 
Leave the product at Site B for collection. Out."
Clan: Gangrel
Embraced: 2015 (Born 1983)
MORTAL DAYS: MAN FOR THE JOB
    Following a troubled youth of coldness, distance, and aloofness from attempts at friendship, Oscar Vasquez was enrolled in a residential program at West Point Prep and slated for a career in the US Military. His parents, frightened by their son, were secretly glad to see him move out of their home and into the strict discipline of a military academy.
   From an initial career in the infantry, with tours of service in the Middle East, Oscar's talents as an infiltrator and sharpshooter saw him recruited into a special task force. He felt excited, like he was entering the world of spy fiction, and agreed to participate in covert operations for slightly better pay and the promise of adventure. Oscar swiftly discovered a hell of a lot of bureaucracy and not a great deal of action. His few friends had assured him of behind-enemy-lines escapades, but every mission required an abundance of paperwork and psychological testing, which he loathed. He resigned his commission, received an honorable discharge, and signed on to work for private military and security interests, discovering they were significantly more flexible in their practices. His first assignment came as a surprise, as rather than being sent to kidnap, sabotage, or take down targets in Afghanistan, Syria, or one of his other former stomping grounds, the company that hired him - Nastrum Enterprises - placed him in Washington D.C. for a year, with the mission of gathering intelligence on a shady, quasi-governmental organization known as FIRSTLIGHT. Though he operated as part of a team, they were extracted one by one, leaving Vasquez as the last merc on the taskforce. As communications from his handler slowed and then ceased along with his pay drops, he ventured out of the city to a known safehouse in Philadelphia to see if he could make contact with someone else clued in on his operation. Instead, he found the safehouse gutted, and all his contacts at Nastrum had vanished. 
    Vasquez spent the next few months living rough, trying to find any trace possible of the people behind the task force's elimination. He believed a mole in the group exposed their dealings to the FIRSTLIGHT organization. He couldn't understand why he'd not been targeted as well, except for the creeping suspicion that he was being watched to see who at Nastrum he'd reach out to, or that he'd found literally nothing of use from FIRSTLIGHT, rendering his elimination moot. 
    Lacking options, Vasquez sought out the suspected mole, or any trail they might have left behind. It took substantial digging, but he was able to locate the home of his former compatriot - one Felicia Torres, now under the name of Beatriz Rueda - and made a plan to kidnap, interrogate, and if necessary, execute the traitor.
    Torres, of course, knew Vasquez was coming. She admired him for his abilities, and as many a Gangrel sire does, she left him to fend for himself in the wild before tracking her, not realizing he was delivering himself to a predator's maw. She allowed him to believe he'd cornered her, and even allowed him to interrogate her and discover how she was working for FIRSTLIGHT against a group dubbed "the Camarilla elders." He understood little of this, but when she explained she'd been given permission by her employers to make him stronger than before through something she called "the Bite," he fought. He fought hard, but the vampire created a childe. 
KINDRED NIGHTS: A NEW MEANING
   Oscar never thought he could feel a need for a thing so much as he did for blood. Following his Embrace, he spent time getting used to this condition and steadying his nerves, which before the Embrace were always so unyielding. His soul was alive with new sensations where only a deadened thump of a beating heart had been before. He felt more alive than ever now that he was dead. Best of all, he had a purpose again. 
    Torres spoke of how she had strengthened him to help take down the Camarilla, only now he'd have to infiltrate a group known as "the Ashfinders" to do so. She trained him in matters of the Blood, presented him to the local Prince (from whom she'd already gained permission to Embrace), and schooled him in Kindred politics for close to ten months before telling him he was ready, and the first agent to be secreted within the Ashfinder cult. As far as Vasquez was aware, the Ashfinders possessed a weapon that could be used to eliminate the entrenched Camarilla.
    What Torres failed to contemplate was Oscar's newfound feelings of want and desire. He wanted more than just the satisfaction of killing and a job well done. There had to be more to it. It was while he was deep undercover within the company known as the "Cinder Institute," that he became convinced that working within the Ashfinders to take down the Camarilla was an okay outcome at best, but using the Ashfinders, when they offered him a better role and a decent chance at experiencing new things, was nowhere near as appealing as turning his back on his sire and embracing the cult fully. He sampled the gateway shit, now it was time to move onto the next arena of sensation and see what lay within. Vasquez traveled to the cult's focal domain in Ibiza and told the Ashfinders everything about Torres and her mission. The cult had much reason for celebration, in part for gaining an operative in the form of Vasquez and thumbing their nose at the Inquisition, but also, because if FIRSTLIGHT were aware of them, it meant they were on the map. This na´ve train of thought led to Oscar immediately implementing methods of covering the cult's tracks better than they'd managed themselves.
    The Ashfinders gave Vasquez the name of "The Operator" whenever they need to send him on missions, simply because they think it sounds cool. Vasquez appreciates the need for a cover identity, though he thinks this one is foolish. Nevertheless, Oscar renews his contacts in Iraq, Iran, and Syria to access areas and equipment most cannot reach. For the Ashfinders, he collects the ashes of fallen elders for conversion into Ashe, of which he takes a healthy percentage for his own use, though the effects on him are minimal. If the required Kindred has not yet given up the ghost, the Operator makes every effort, with a coterie of fellow cultists behind him, to ensure they do.
    With Ashe, Oscar's finally edging toward the missing part of himself. As long as the Ashfinders offer him stolen experiences, emotions, and memories, he keeps the supply lines open. He just wishes he were more receptive to the drug.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Building Blocks: Oscar does not see himself as a junkie, craving his next hit of Ashe. He's looking for what has been missing all his life through the eyes and feelings of others. With Ashe, he can fill the empty spaces of himself with the building blocks created in the foundry of another life. He pursues this goal with unfettered zeal.
ò You Can't Hide: The FIRSTLIGHT punks who took out his unit haven't escaped the Operator's memory, and neither has his sire, Torres. From a safe remove, Vasquez probes for news of this Inquisition faction's activities and clues that link any specific cell to Torres, who went to ground after her childe broke off contact. He would pay a heavy price to obtain such information.
ò A New Life?: Oscar sees a light at the end of this dark tunnel. Once enough Ashe has been consumed and he has "normalized" himself, he can quietly retire to a life of seclusion and contemplation. But first, he must consume enough Ashe to satisfy his need for new experience in his cold existence.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Temporary Havens (Haven 3) The Operator tends to work out of short-term accommodation such as hotels and rented apartments and rarely stays in one place for long. His new addiction has given him a strange taste for the finer things in life, therefore, he tends toward more lavish properties than in his former career. This is reflected in his few permanent residences which he uses as safe houses, which are uniformly upmarket and comfortable.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Captain Christine Alexander (Allies 3, Resources 
1) Christine is an infantry captain who provides the Operator with access to the warzones he needs to enter. She also provides him an excellent sideline in military grade weaponry for the right price.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Winnie (Institute Link, Mawla 1) Winnie is Oscar's handler at the Cinder Institute and, as far as she tells him, the only member of the Institute who knows him as anything other than his callsign. Whenev-
er the Institute wants to speak directly to him, or vice-versa, it is done through her.
ò Felicia Torres (Nemesis, Adversary 3) Torres was entrusted by FIRSTLIGHT to Embrace someone malleable, who she might bring into the fold and increase their access to Kindred society. Instead, she made a fool of herself and has been threatened with destruction if she can't take her childe out and evidence his final death.
WHISPERS: 
ò Sabbat Link?: With his frequent forays into areas where the Sabbat are conducting their crusades, many within the Ashfinders are concerned he's secretly in league with them.
ò Elder Killer: The Operator's only killed one elder so far with his coterie, but the event was remarkable enough to alert other Kindred to this assassin's activities.
ò Crack for Kills: Within some Kindred circles there are whispers of a man who pays, or even kills, in exchange for Kindred ashes. Such an offer is a sweet-sounding deal for hard-up Kindred and vengeful childer.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Oscar is a Latino man in his late thirties, with brown hair and a plain looking face that could be best described as unremarkable. This feature helps him blend in with crowds. He has a knack for disguise and camouflage when on mission but has taken to wearing expensive suits and silken garments when on downtime. Some say this is a quirk he picked up after consuming the Ashe distilled from a particularly decadent Toreador gourmand.
ò "The Operator" barely functions as a cover identity, as it sounds like a movie villain's pseudonym. The Ashfinders set him up with a Spanish student's identity, under the name of Mario Lenda. The real Mario drowned in the sea after a night of heavy drinking and clubbing in Ibiza, and to date, his body hasn't been located. His identity, however, has been refabricated to a minimal degree. (Mask 1)
ò In company, Oscar is withdrawn to the point of irritation, preferring to listen to others speak than contribute himself. He likes to be addressed directly and given clear instructions rather than spoken to in riddles or flowery language, which is so popular among Kindred hiding in plain sight. While a few Kindred appreciate the value of silence and straight talk, most find his demeanor off-putting and a little creepy.
ò Oscar has several drop sites known to certain Ashfinders where he collects weapons, money, ammunition, and his supply of Ashe. The location of these sites is valuable to anyone wishing him harm; therefore, he's careful even when receiving a drop from a trusted associate.
sire: Felicia Torres
ambition: Become whole
Convictions: Allow nobody to stand in the way of my finding purpose touchstones: Salma Vasquez - mother for whom Oscar lacks any affection, but who routinely allows him to stay with her or raid her account out of fear of his violent tendencies
humanity: 3 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1 attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3; Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Composure 4; Intelligence 
4, Wits 3, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 8 skills: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Craft (Bomb Making) 3, Drive 2, Firearms (Rifles) 3, Melee 3, Stealth 3, 
Survival 2; Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2; Academics 1, Awareness 2, Investigation 2, Technology (Military Hardware) 2 disciplines: Celerity 2, Protean 3 General difficulties: 5/3
FAITH CORRIGAN
Epitaph: Gnostic Preacher
Quote: "Caine is defiance, people! Caine is a middle finger to God! The original Anarch! Fight in the name of Caine!" Clan: Banu Haqim
Embraced: 2012 (Born 1990)
MORTAL DAYS: A RED QUESTION
   Faith was born in Gary, Indiana, the only daughter of a Pentecostal minister. All her life, she struggled with her parents' adherence to their religion. She reasoned if there really was a benevolent God, why was there so much suffering in the world? Why were her friends and their families abandoning Gary by the dozens? Her father's explanations rang hollow to her, but she believed there was some truth to the idea, if not its conveyance. She rebelled against her father's rules and values, setting out to find her own way in the big city of Chicago, beginning a computer science course at university as her parents despaired.
   Through this course, Faith became involved with a group of tech-savvy kids who shared her taste in music and cyber-goth style. Not willing to simply be a traditional AV club, these young people branched out into all manners of cybercrime and earned a fortune through credit card fraud. They were so successful they attracted the interest of federal agencies. Despite her criminal enterprises, it was theology, however, that captivated her. Her grades suffered as her mind was caught in flights of fancy relating to God and religion.
    When several of her friends went missing after a club night, Faith feared the authorities had found them. She followed their online footprint and came across what she thought was just a group of criminals with a vampire fetish. She had in fact discovered the Red Question - a faction of Anarchs well-versed in the use of technology for furthering their movement's aims. They debated killing Faith for discovering their location, but decided her skills in modern computers were too useful to waste. They made her their ghoul.
    Discovering the existence of vampires rocked Faith to the core. Suddenly, all her father's sermons about good and evil and the existence of literal angels and demons rang true. However, despite her intention to reconcile with her parents, her new bosses closed off such avenues to her.
    Chicago's Sheriff and his Hounds slaughtered her masters one night, with Faith never clued into the reason. 
Faith tried her best to defend them, as the vitae within her demanded, but the assault easily broke her. She would have died, if not for a vampire picking through the wreckage on the following night. This Banu Haqim scavenger named Jessica discovered Faith and took pity on the injured ghoul, half-buried beneath the collapsed haven. Her life leaving her, Faith begged for sustenance, but the vampire responded to tell her it was against the Traditions to Embrace without permission. Her dying reply was simple:
"God has a plan for me. I have to go on."
    Enamored by her claim, Jessica brought Faith over into undeath.
KINDRED NIGHTS: AN ANSWER
    While the Embrace gave Faith clarity from her burning issues of belief, she felt many of the answers to the Kindred puzzle eluded her. Her sire turned out to be a scholar of sorts, pursuing research into the history of Kindred existence. She was seeking lore surrounding a cult known as the Church of Caine, who were said to possess texts and teachings on the curse of undeath. It was Jessica's search for these texts that led to her picking through the ruins of the Red Question safehouse.
    Faith was enthralled, both with the nature of the information and the way her sire's devotion to this mission reminded her of her father. Faith drank up any information she could find, attaching herself at the hip to her wandering sire as they moved from domain to domain. Jessica was however a mere outlier to a cult that promised much deeper mysteries. Faith abandoned her sire and left in search of the cult itself, eventually discovering a conclave of Gnostics who quickly indoctrinated her in Cainite religion. No mere interested amateurs, these vampires were committed to Cainite teachings and the belief that all vampires were angels working to ascend.
    Faith found this cult sated her desire for understanding of doctrine and mysteries. She felt the voice of Caine calling her from across time and across the world, and though she adored her coterie of Gnostics, with whom she'd shared four good years of companionship, their need to hoard information, their sedentary habits, and the Camarilla's technology ban stifled her own research. She needed to travel to discover greater truths.
   Faith Corrigan became the vampire equivalent of a wandering preacher, disseminating her prophecies and propaganda as she traveled, sharing wisdom in exchange for a secure haven and the right to feed. She would drive herself to a different domain every week, planning journeys meticulously to ensure she'd always reach her destination before sunrise, and insulated the trunk of her car just in case she had to make an emergency rest stop. She became a familiar face across the Midwest and later, the South East, as she scoured every library she could gain access to, interviewed every priest and theologian, and all the while spread her Gospel of Caine in Elysia, offering vampires the hope of something more than eternal damnation. 
    Faith's quirky charm and modern language appealed to fledglings, while her common sense with the internet, more than any expertise, allowed her to advertise upcoming proclamations through sites like Craigslist and Facebook, advertising them as free-to-attend night-time evangelical sermons. Mortals attend along with Kindred, but her message is often so nebulous and filled with double-speak that attendees either go away feeling confused or enlightened, with little room in between.
    Faith's message is simple to all who attend her sermons: Caine was the original Anarch, but the Movement is a lay followers' avenue, while the Church of Caine is the true rebellion. As she preaches it, the Traditions are to be damned where they go against Caine's actions. If Caine could flip off God and blaze his own trail, so should the Gnostics. This rebellious attitude is incredibly attractive to young Kindred, put off by the stuffy ways of the Camarilla and the restrictive ways of their sires.
    Despite her cult celebrity status among many fledglings, Faith sits alone in her eaten-up car most nights, terrified of going outside since she doesn't know who may have picked up on her trail, when the Camarilla are going to silence her, or if the Second Inquisition will investigate her preaching. Yet, every time she thinks of stopping, she swears she hears a voice in her head, begging her to continue spreading the word. Every time she hears that voice she repeats her mantra: "Caine is back. Those who find him will ascend with him. I must continue. Caine awaits me."
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Viral Word: Faith obsessively preaches her twisted gospel in all manner of domains, with the only trail being her online footprint, where she advertises her sermons like tent revivals. Her followers share and spread her messages fast, making her a risk to the Masquerade. She wants to convert more Kindred (and maybe even some kine) to the worship of Caine so as to speed up the search for the Dark Father and the truth behind his sins and God's betrayal.
ò Marked for Death: Faith is paranoid she will be destroyed before her work is done. For this reason, she fears leaving her car some nights, and can be found just lying in the backseat, willing herself to step outside to feed, if nothing else. This developing agoraphobia may cut her preaching short before her word spreads much farther. 
ò Know the Trail: Faith's followers keep up with her location via her concealed postings online. She constantly seeks new locations where she may park and is always on the lookout for adherents who may offer her protection and for sustenance that won't bring her trouble.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Keaton Building Penthouse (Haven 3) Faith owns a luxurious apartment in Chicago's Keaton Building, which is decked out to suit her every need, except for blood. It's rare that she visits. One of her congregants gifted her the apartment.
ò Kia Ceed Hatchback (Haven 1) Faith loves her car (she calls it "Weirdo," affectionately), which has many, many miles on the clock. It offers little in the way of modern convenience, except for a trunk sizeable enough and insulated to protect her body during the day if she hasn't found a motel. So far, she's avoided having her car broken into or towed.
ò Scam Artist (Resources 3) Faith has built up a sizable nest-egg in various accounts, as she's still a capable cyber thief. She continues this practice whenever donations are running low and feels no remorse for stealing invisible money from nameless people.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Tender (Herd 1) Faith uses the Tender app to draw in unwilling mortals, if the kine side of her congregation feels too slim.
ò Congregation (Contacts 2) A reasonable number of people, including some Kindred, hang on Faith's every word and feed her information through various discreet means when she asks. She's careful to insulate herself from them, however, and moves on after receiving any choice morsels of intelligence.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Jessica Tate-Duncan (Estranged Sire) Jessica is sad to have lost contact with Faith. Although her sire's knowledge was not enough to sate Faith's appetite, she remains grateful to Jessica for opening her eyes to the real world and maintains a longing to reconcile.
ò Bobby Weatherbottom (Friends turned Enemies, Adversary 2) Bobby and Faith enjoyed a brief partnership before the Second Inquisition really cranked up the heat on vampire activities online. These nights, however, she sees Bobby as an adversary. He finds the religious overtones of this demagogue creepy, and told her so. She in turn finds his knowledge of her online activities too great a risk to tolerate.
WHISPERS: 
ò Ministry Ire: The Ministry has no love for this traveling preacher spreading the word of Caine in domains such as New Orleans and Baton Rouge, where they hold a lot of sway.
ò Red Listed?: Faith's crimes have attracted the attention of at least one Camarilla Archon, and some feel it is a matter of time before her online persona is added to the fabled Red List.
ò Blood Trail: Statistical records for people presenting with symptoms of blood loss could be mirrored to the trail of this strange preacher who advertises her venues on Craigslist.
ò Brother Seamus: Faith's parents haven't seen her for close to a decade, and not receiving help from the police, have enlisted a private investigator (and former Irish monk) to track her down.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Faith's preacher identity is as "Sister Faith," though she never advertises her surname. Her apartment in Chicago is registered in the name of her devoted mortal congregant, Garry Strydom-Chau. She still carries a valid driver's license, and her car is registered in her name.
ò Faith is a slender and attractive Black woman with long hair she dyes purple and pink each night. She continues to dress in cyber-goth style, as she did in her university days, and shows no sign of changing her elaborate style. This unusual appearance appeals to her congregation instead of deterring them, perhaps because her main market is among the young.
ò Faith always carries an overcharged taser, believing it to be effective against both mortals and Kindred if required.
sire: Jessica Tate-Duncan ambition: Find the Dark Father Convictions: Avoid being manipulated at all cost touchstones: Theodore Corrigan - Faith's father, who instilled in her this need for belief
humanity: 6 Generation: 13th Blood Potency: 1 attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2; Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Composure 3; Intelligence 
4, Wits 2, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 5, Willpower 6 skills: Drive 3, Larceny (Cyber Crime) 2, Melee 1, Stealth 2; Leadership 2, Performance (Preaching) 3, 
Persuasion 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3; Academics 
2, Awareness 1, Investigation 2, Occult (Gnosticism) 3, Politics 1, Technology (Computers) 2 disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 1, Obfuscate 3 General difficulties: 5/3
ROBERTO VEGA
Epitaph: The Digital Apep
Quote: "The stars are out of alignment. It's a bad omen... for you."
Clan: Tremere
Embraced: 2007 (Born 1979)
MORTAL DAYS: NUMBER CRUNCHER
    For Roberto, life comes down to numbers. And by playing the odds and nudging the system, you can come out on top.
    Far from his place of birth, Cali in Colombia, Roberto was part of another wave of Colombian immigrants seeking safety away from the violence of the drug cartels. His parents sought a safer life. Far from the cartels and corruption they made a new home in Newark.
    Roberto's mother worked at a local surgery and his father was a priest, leaving him in a position where his family were afforded respect in the local Latin American community. This did not, however, stop Roberto from missing those friends he left behind. It was no surprise that Roberto found solace on the internet. Online he stayed connected with friends and better expressed himself, while the everyday world had him conform to stereotypes.
   It was the early 2000s, and the boom and bust of the "dot com" age was over. The internet was evolving, and into this dynamic online world, Roberto began his formative years as a programmer and online gambler. He had a knack for it, even writing programs to automate his betting. It was this aptitude for numbers and computers that took Roberto to MIT, or it would have if Roberto hadn't taken a lucrative offer to work at a gambling startup in Boston.
    Roberto rose through the ranks of 32Spin.com, developing algorithms and games for a growing online gambling community, and ultimately exploiting those who grew addicted. It was these systems that brought Roberto to the attention of the Tremere, and his future sire, Quentin Norten. A series of challenges were presented as a form of an interactive mystery game, requiring code-cracking, solving riddles, and astronomy. Each challenge was more complex than the previous, and Roberto applied his programming-skills to unlock each stage of the challenge. Little did he know a number of these challenges were set by a chantry of vampires, and it was this skill the Tremere wished to retain.
    At an exclusive gambling event in Boston, Roberto was approached by Quentin, who proposed a job opportunity. If Roberto took it, Quentin promised it would lead to wealth and privileges other jobs would not match. 
KINDRED NIGHTS: CHAOTICIAN
   The chantry of Hartford offered Roberto training and resources, all in exchange for his life. It was a sacrifice he was prepared to make, at least until he felt his heartbeat slip away. He gained the promised influence, but he chafed under the control his sire and clan exerted. Much of his nightly activities, between instruction on the nature of his Kindred-self and Blood Sorcery, involved high-frequency trading and defrauding gambling sites, so the Hartford Tremere could bolster their finances. Every transaction was in his name and all money earned was declared for tax purposes. As far as the world was concerned, he was just a smart investor and lucky gambler. 
Beyond this, Roberto was tasked with a more experimental project, the construction of what his sire pretentiously named "the Hyperion Mechanism."
    The Hartford chantry's goal was more than just monitoring the activities of clan assets, but also processing more texts, namely a piecemeal tome referred to as the Analects of Yorak. Roberto thirsted for a level of control he felt was now denied him, as a thrall to the clan, and devised new methods of prognostication. Huge volumes of data were fed into the server, and the outputs of the algorithms, combined with rituals to determine the paranormal significance of calculations, allowed Roberto to predict events. There was always an element of uncertainty, and many predictions turned out to be false readings, but Roberto was convinced of a pattern in play connecting the analects to events about to occur in Vienna.
    Orchestrating a reason to not go to his final presentation at the Vienna chantry, Roberto's foresight saved him and presented new freedoms. His sire was destroyed, and in the coming nights, the Bond that had held him for so many years faded. He was now a free agent. However, his fellows at the Hartford chantry viewed him with deep distrust, and before they could end his existence, he fled, sabotaging the Hyperion Mechanism as he left.
    Seeking refuge, Roberto fled to Philadelphia, seeking anonymity and a fresh start free from the Pyramid. He presented himself to the domain's ruling Kindred as a Malkavian, but the ruse did not deceive Philadelphia's Ministry priestess, Vivienne. She sensed Roberto's desperation, and his urge to find direction. She offered Roberto a new family, a new view on life, and so he tentatively brings his skills in technology and determining prophecy to the Church of Set.
    Those Kindred who know of his skills hold Roberto in high esteem, and despite his attempts at subterfuge, he's found himself in receipt of a letter from the Ventrue, Ignaz August von Kral, who hopes to enlist him in his war against the forces of the Second Inquisition. Roberto also performs code-cracking for a person known simply as Juno, unaware that he's working for Lucius Sejanus. The Church of Set has opened many doors for him, though his belief in the faith is wary at best. He's straddling the line of taking the plunge the church desires and gaining a long-term alliance he doesn't feel will be as suffocating as that of the Tremere, and once again taking his benefactors for what they've got before departing Philadelphia.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES:
ò Penetrate the Second Inquisition: To have control over others and defend the Church of Set, Roberto develops methods, and gathers contacts and programmers with the lofty goal of gaining access to FIRSTLIGHT's servers.
ò Evade the Tremere: Roberto knows his clan isn't going to stop looking for him, especially since he corrupted their precious server in Hartford. He needs to find a way of changing his face, his identity, and if possible, his vitae, so the Tremere can't trace him.
ò Rebuild Hyperion: One of Roberto's regrets was the haste with which he sabotaged his own work when departing Hartford. He's still a prodigy, but he lacks the vital elements of the Hyperion Mechanism enabling him to analyze prophecies surrounding phenomena such as the Red Star, the activities of his clan, and what the Church of Set plan for him. He's trying to piece it together by memory, but it may require infiltrating the Hartford chantry to see what's left and retrieve it.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò South Street Apartment (Haven 1) Roberto's apartment in South Street is ideally located to take advantage of the alternative culture and the entrepreneurs for tech startups. From here, Roberto performs most of his calculations to make predictions and manages investments for the Church of Set.
ò Ouroboro's Betting (Influence 1, Resources 3) This online gambling start-up owes many of the algorithm and game designs to Roberto, and in exchange, he gains valuable information with which to defraud people.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Bertrand Driver (Allies 1) Bertrand is an astrophysics lecturer at the University of Philadelphia and researches the strange celestial body known to vampires as the Red Star. Lacking the occult context, Bertrand is confused by the star's appearance, and Roberto has been communicating with Bertrand via the internet, offering up solutions in exchange for more data regarding the star.
ò Mel Trent (Retainer 1) Mel was in debt, and after overhearing her talk about her issues in a downtown bar, Roberto made her debts disappear. There was a price, however, as Mel, now Roberto's ghoul, uses her position working for AOL to provide Roberto access to secure networks.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Vivienne (Mentor, Mawla 2) Vivienne inducted Roberto into the Church of Set but finds his faith lacking. She realizes his use, but would much prefer if he embraced the faith that so kindly offers him sanctuary, even if it requires some brainwashing to do so.
ò Celine Woodward (Rival) Celine is a Philadelphian Warlock, and believes she knows who Roberto is. She's of House Carna and holds no particular allegiance to the Hartford chantry, but sees a Tremere in the Church of Set as problematic, given the kind of intelligence he could leak to the Clan of Lies.  
WHISPERS:
ò The Prince's Prognosticator: Roberto has predicted the final death of the Prince of Philadelphia and in exchange for keeping the Church of Set safe, the Prince asks Roberto for guidance on who or what to destroy to divert fate, and thus save his life.
ò Pathway to Duat: Mapping the path the Red Star makes across the heavens has revealed to Roberto the true plans of Set, and he's engaging in all manner of criminal enterprises to bring forward the time when Set openly walks the Earth again. 
ò Little Boy Lost: Roberto's family, who he abandoned following his Embrace, reported him missing in 2008. Back then there was no news coverage surrounding his disappearance, but he's about to become a feature on an episode of Unsolved Mysteries. 
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Roberto vainly goes by his own name, uses his own bank account, has his own driver's license, and pays his own taxes. However, since fleeing to Philadelphia he's been on the lookout for a vampire who might be able to set him up with a new identity in case the Hartford Tremere come knocking.
ò Roberto is a heavyset man, sporting a trimmed beard and shortly cut hair graying at the temples. He tends to wear jeans, t-shirts, and a blazer. His tanned skin is pale, and he has mahogany brown irises. Roberto's mind can easily wander when not engaged in conversation. He takes out his notepad, and scrawls new algorithms, or simply works out the odds for a horse race.
sire: Quentin Norten ambition: Read the signs for Set's decrees and make them real
Convictions: Never submit to the will of another touchstones: Bertrand Davis - headstrong astrophysics lecturer and source of information humanity: 6 Generation: 12th
Blood Potency: 2
attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Composure 1; Intelligence 
5, Wits 3, Resolve 2 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 3 skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Larceny (Gambling) 3, Stealth 2; Etiquette 1, Insight 2, Intimidation 3, Persuasion 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3; Academics 2, Awareness 1, Finance 3, Investigation 2, Occult 2, Science (Mathematics) 3, Technology (Programming) 3 disciplines: Auspex 2, Blood Sorcery 2, Dominate 1 General difficulties: 5/3
JORG MORAWITZ
Epitaph: Seer of the Seventh Seal
    Quote: "The gates of hell are open! And we are the chosen warriors of God."
Clan: Malkavian
Embraced: 2006 (Born 1983)
MORTAL DAYS: WAR NEVER CHANGES
   What Jorg lacked in learning and emotional support as a child, he made up for with his convictions and sense of right and wrong. Jorg had just graduated from high school, and another night of hard drinking by his mother and her latest lover rapidly descended into screaming and threats of violence. A shrill cry for help sent Jorg running upstairs, finding his brother cowering in the bathroom, and his mother slumped on the floor of her bedroom, her face red from a punch delivered by her partner. The bastard raised his hand to beat her again, but Jorg intervened, twisting and breaking the man's wrist. Jorg's mother begged for him to leave, fearing that if he remained he would surely be killed.
    For Jorg, compulsory civil service in the Bundeswehr, the Federal Defence Force, beckoned. As part of his deployment within a peacekeeping force, Jorg saw service in Afghanistan. He served as an engineer, constructing infrastructure, hospitals, and schools for local communities and NATO forces. 
    As with many soldiers, Jorg found the duties and routines of service an endless tedium punctuated by bouts of sheer terror. One night, on patrol, he and his detachment were simply to confirm the security of an important archeological site. As they walked through the ruins, a scout radioed in a discovery of several bodies, apparently mauled by wild animals. The soldiers cautiously converged on the location, only to find themselves led into a trap. Their scout was being used as a puppet to beckon a food supply toward its master, with the meal being Jorg and his comrades. The ancient terror murdered and gutted Jorg's fellow soldiers. It moved fast, like a wind of razor blades. What Jorg glimpses terrified him to his core. Scrabbling in the dirt, his clothes and face slick with blood, Jorg tried to escape, but the dark shadow of a being came upon him. It spoke in a language he could not understand. It fed him a thick ichor, and then just as quickly as it had appeared, it was gone.
    When Jorg was found, he'd suffered immense mental trauma, so much so he was in acute need of therapy. He was sent back to Germany and discharged, and for a time was placed in a facility to recover from the horror he witnessed. None believed his stories.
    Returning to the only home he knew, Jorg found the family house empty. That night, Jorg slept there, dreaming once more of the thing in the desert and the alien language it spoke. That was Jorg's last night as a mortal.
KINDRED NIGHTS: THE APOCALYPSE IS NOT 
EVENLY DISTRIBUTED
    The Malkavian, Louie Frenkel, came upon Jorg sleeping in the abandoned house. Whispers and visions had brought the vampire here, and he knew that his journey was over. This was the soldier he had heard about and his daysleep. The language that Jorg mumbled in his dreams was the same that haunted Louie. Louie knew at once that fate had delivered him to this man to Embrace him. The transformation was one that both shredded and focused Jorg's mind. He was now more aware of the world. He could see what lurked in the shadows. And he knew what slaughtered his squad - a being named Nissiku.
   While Jorg feigned to follow the laws and rules of the Camarilla, his mind filled with visions. The words of Nissiku, an ancient Sumerian Malkavian, filled his mind with visions of the end times. To Jorg's eyes he could sense the very fragile nature of what others called reality. Jorg vowed to not become a victim of these visions, and prepared for Gehenna.
    Using his military and engineering training, coupled with his use of mental powers, Jorg built shelters and gathered a group of preppers - people fearing the end of the world and who sought a haven. Jorg's new community was built in an old village in the Rhineland, and together they set to work installing the water and power supplies, while preparing for these resources to be cut off. Over time, Jorg established himself as a cult leader, speaking confidently about the coming end times, the need for solidarity against the inevitable return of totalitarian control, and their need for a new faith to light their path through the dark. Desperation, fear, and paranoia were potent tools, which Jorg used to bend the collective to his will.
    Jorg's cult - the Conclave of Luminance - has grown since its inception seven years ago. With every new world crisis, more people flock to join him. Few cult members are aware of his true nature, and willingly allow him to feed upon them. And as this cult has grown, it has gained the attention of the local Camarilla Prince.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES:
ò Survive Gehenna: Jorg still suffers nightmares of his squad being ripped apart by Nissiku, if that is what the entity truly was. His visions and insight into the crisis unfolding in the world are stark warnings of a bloody apocalypse.
ò Nissiku Ascendant: On a subconscious level, Jorg prepares the community for the coming of the methuselah, Nissiku. The community offers safety, plentiful food, and supplicants ready to serve the ancient vampire.
ò True Family: Jorg doesn't know what became of his mother and brothers, but wants someone to find them and deliver them to his apocalypse cult. He feels he's the only person who can save them.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Hambach (Haven 2, Herd 2) Jorg's until-recently abandoned village, near Cologne, is a collection of farmsteads that have been repaired. Barns house communal sleeping quarters, and the land about the farmsteads is tended to by the cult. Eerie scarecrows planted in the field keep pests away and add to the general feeling that something is not quite right with the settlement.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò The Cult of Luminance Inner Circle (Influence 1, Retainers 3) Karla, Rubin, and Sinja form the inner circle of the Cult of Luminance. They are aware of Jorg's nature and see it as simply part of a greater truth - that the world is filled with ancient mysteries unleashing the end times upon the Earth. They are fanatics and protect their prophet from all dangers.
ò The Choir (Herd 1) Not fully initiated into the cult, they willingly submit to bloodletting as part of their rituals, unaware their blood is used to feed Jorg.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Lothar Kitzler (Fear) The Prince of Cologne could easily destroy Jorg's cult, and so Jorg must carefully maintain the Masquerade. One slipup by his cult or the local police taking too much interest in their activities, and it all could unravel in a heartbeat.
ò Louie Frenkel (Estranged) Louie did not foresee what he would be unleashing when he Embraced Jorg. He's been watching Jorg these last few years, waiting for the right moment to swoop in and take over the cult, and in turn gain Nissiku's favor.
WHISPERS:
ò The Army of Luminance: Jorg is not preparing for the apocalypse - he's its horseman. Years of preparations and training have made the cult a capable militia. It is simply a matter of time until Jorg will unleash this armed force of ghouls and cultists to attack the nearest domain.
ò Children of Nissiku: Some Kindred believe that the ancient methuselah controls Jorg and his cult, warping the minds of the fanatics thanks to the Malkavian Cobweb.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Jorg possesses some falsified documents allowing him to siphon money from the accounts of his cultists, 
but they wouldn't stand up to close scrutiny. (Mask 
1)
ò Jorg surveys his commune dressed in military fatigue, with his shoulder-length hair tied up in a bun. Tattoos up his arm and neck are of skulls, devils, and snakes. He's jovial and welcoming, but during rituals, he has a booming voice, able to draw emotion and cries of exultation from his congregation.
sire: Louie Frenkel
ambition: To create a new society in the ashes of the old one
Convictions: Those who disobey must be punished touchstones: Otto Blick, the first mortal disciple in Jorg's cult and a fanatical devotee humanity: 4 Generation: 11th
Blood Potency: 2
attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4; Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Composure 1; Intelligence 
1, Wits 3, Resolve 2 secondary attributes: Health 7, Willpower 3 skills: Athletics (Heavy Lifting) 3, Brawl 2, Drive 2, Firearms (Rifles) 3, Larceny 1, Melee 1, Stealth 2, 
Survival (Desert) 2; Insight 2, Intimidation (Physical 
Violence) 3, Persuasion 2, Subterfuge 2; Finance 1, Investigation 2, Technology 1 disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 1 General difficulties: 5/3
ZHOU "JENNI" GUANG
Epitaph: The Kintsugi Pilgrim
Quote: "You can tell by how this book was bound, and the type of ink, that this book is a fake. But it's what's under the text that is more interesting."
Clan: Ventrue
Embraced: 2005 (Born 1978)
MORTAL DAYS: LOSING FAITH
    Jenni was the perfect student. She was diligent in her studies, participated in healthy extracurricular activities, and played the violin. On paper she was the ideal candidate for art history course at the University of Oxford. Her parents pushed her hard, driving her from school, to tutor to further lessons and home. Her entire existence was studying and achieving the grades her parents wanted.
    The natural next step for Jenni was a Ph.D. She achieved her degree, and moved to Manchester, tired of the uptight lecturers and rituals of the colleges, and instead enjoyed a city with a more relaxed atmosphere. Here she began her research for her thesis, investigating the history of Tudor Manchester and the manor house Bramall Hall, with its collection of Elizabethan wall paintings. She spent hours poring over old books, illuminated manuscripts, and reading numerous tedious texts. But it was as a doctoral researcher Jenni found her freedom, her passion for life away from family and the church. She found love.
    Jenni's love for another would be her undoing, as her family and faith forbade it. Jenni had fallen for another woman, Natalie Westoby. Natalie was fun-loving, vivacious, and bohemian. Night after night they talked about literature, politics, and obscure German cinema. They spent languid weekends in bed together, revealing and exploring each other's most intimate desires. But in her heart, Jenni was torn. She had the teachings of the church to consider. She pondered the fate of her immortal soul. And once more she was left considering the notion of how God could deny pure love.
   Jenni's crisis of faith was the opening that Lector Claridge was waiting for. Claridge had been watching Jenni for some time, noting the books and collections she read. Claridge was even on first name terms with Jenni, pretending that he was looking for a book that he knew she had taken from a shelf in the John Ryland library. Following this initial encounter, Claridge arranged to bump into her at the library on multiple occasions, knowing she favored evening research. As Claridge got closer to Jenni, winning her trust, he sensed the turmoil within her. She was just the addition the local Church of Caine needed, and he had the leverage to turn her. 
KINDRED NIGHTS: FINDING GOD
Jenni's world was turned inside out by her Embrace. 
All at once her faith was shattered and remade. Vampires were real, Caine had existed, and it meant God was also real. If God was real, then the world was his making. Every evil and every horrific act made in God's name could have been prevented. Jenni's research now had a new dimension. Eschatological theology was more than theory. She was living it. Into her broken heart, the lector placed a new faith and fervor. The God Jenni felt rejected by for her sexuality, was revealed to be the Demiurge, a corrupt being. The true God sought to lift up those enlightened and luminous souls, in particular, those faithful who bore the mark of Caine. Vampirism was a gift, a divine spark. It was in this God Jenni found sanctuary, for the Church of Caine welcomed all.
    It was all so easy to convert this troubled young woman.
    Leaving her studies and retreating from her mortal life, Jenni set about constructing a lie to exist within, becoming a tutor and editor for English and History students. As part of the congregation, Jenni rose through the ranks. She deciphered texts and pieced together church doctrine for Lector Claridge and Father Vaughan, and in return, she was rewarded with prestige and resources. But Jenni still attempted to cling to her mortal life. Jenni was able to maintain her romantic relationship with Natalie, but with each night passing, and every promotion she received within the church, she feared for her lover's life. Nothing lasts forever, and the relationship broke off abruptly, and without word, when Jenni journeyed to the Veneto, in Northern Italy, on behalf of the Gnostics. In the city of Padua, Jenni was tasked with uncovering a collection of pages from the journals of the deceased Archbishop of Nod, and Prince of Venice, Narses. Remaining in the Veneto, Jenni has since located more pieces of Cainite literature and is ascertaining their veracity. Her work has not gone unnoticed, as she's drawn the attention of local Hecata. Jenni's faith is also in crisis once more, as the revelations from the very words of Narses label the Church of Caine a heresy and provide compelling argument for it being so.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES:
ò Free Mortals from the Church of Pilate: Jenni spent so much of her life living a lie, under the yoke of the Christian Church, the Church of Pilate. She's sickened at how this church has perverted the teachings of Christ and ostracized people for their very mortal natures. Just as the Demiurge cast out Caine, Jenni seeks the ultimate destruction of the Christian Church and in its ashes, a new faith of Gnosticism to rise.
ò Infiltrate the Hecata Library: Jenni suspects the texts and tomes she seeks are locked away within a Hecata library in Venice. Slowly she's discovering more about the local Hecata power structure, hoping to 
find the weak link through who she can gain access to this trove of books. 
ò Natalie...: Jenni still loves Natalie but can't bring herself to reach out to her abandoned girlfriend. Perhaps she can find someone else to explain to her mortal lover why she's vanished, or maybe someone could erase Natalie's memory of Jenni. 
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Padua Apartment (Haven 1) Jenni lives in an apartment near San Daniele. The apartment is occupied by Rico, an old man unaware of her presence, thanks to her gifts. She makes use of his large library of religious texts to aid her research.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Olivia Conti (Contacts 2) Olivia is one of Lector 
Claridge's retainers, and acts as Jenni's route into Padua society, introducing the young vampire to victims from whom to feed, researchers and lecturers at the university, and Kindred from the domain.
ò Father Sabino (Contacts 1) Father Sabino is a priest at the local church where Olivia attends midnight mass at least once each week. Olivia gets satisfaction from tempting and seducing the congregation, while also testing Sabino's faith and discussing expressionist art.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Lector Claridge (Mentor, Mawla 3) Lector Claridge has provided Jenni with her instruction and training, and Jenni is grateful for this revelation. However, she feels Claridge is holding something back, and as Jenni's research progresses, her suspicions about Claridge deepen.
ò Marco Buzzeo (Fear) Jenni's aware she's being watched, and Marco is that shadow. This member of the Hecata, a Giovanni cousin, has been following her, watching who she speaks with in the city.
WHISPERS:
ò The Psalms of Narses: Jenni has found the complete journals of Narses and within them his treatise on the nature of the Church of Caine, and his own blasphemous beliefs. Such a text could rend the Church apart.
ò The Tomb of Tersa: Jenni has searched through old maps, books, and tomes, and has discovered the tomb of the Lasombra methuselah, Tersa. The question is, to what end will Jenni use this information?
ò Intervention: Jenni's mortal family are very worried about her activities over the past decade and a half, believing she's lost faith and requires an intervention followed by a swift baptism. They've sent a crew to Padua to kidnap her and bring her home.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Jenni has shoulder-length hair, and typically dresses in a suit, wearing glasses to aid with reading. Her patrons in the Church of Caine have provided her with a false identity, Julia Zhang. (Mask 1) 
ò Jenni often dresses in jeans and a shirt, emulating the fashion of the local students to blend in. She knows enough Italian to seem as if she's a local, or at least a student on a year abroad. sire: Lector Claridge ambition: To enlighten all to the truth of Caine.
Convictions: None may control me; Always aid women. touchstones: Father Sabino - the priest is a reminder to Jenni of her roots, and how faith was used to control her; Natalie Westoby - her friend and lover, distant and abandoned in the UK. humanity: 6 Generation: 12th
Blood Potency: 2
attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Composure 2; Intelligence 
4, Wits 3, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 5, Willpower 5 skills: Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Craft 3, Drive 2, Larceny 2, Stealth 3; Etiquette (Camarilla) 3, Insight 3, 
Leadership 2, Performance (Violin) 3, Persuasion 2, 
Subterfuge 2; Academics (Art History) 3, Awareness 3, Investigation 2, Occult (Gnosticism) 3 disciplines: Blood Sorcery 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1 General difficulties: 4/3
ANASTASIA
Epitaph: The Merciful Judge
Quote: "I've come to believe that everyone deserves a third chance." Clan: Nosferatu
Embraced: 1989 (Born 1973)
MORTAL DAYS: LIFE INTERRUPTED
    Anastasia looks back on her breathing days with a sense of distant remove. She had nothing special going on, beyond being one of the most popular kids at school in the East Side of Milwaukee. She was a good-looking girl, had a steady boyfriend, and her parents had bought her a Nissan 300ZX to congratulate her on passing her test at the age of 16. It was a fast car, a flashy car, and maybe a little more than a person her age was equipped to handle. Nonetheless, she drove it to and from school, impressed her peers (or made them jealous) whenever she turned into the parking lot, and routinely sped away at an all-too dangerous speed not long after the ring of the school bell. It was in Anastasia's Nissan that she experienced her first collision. In a twist of fate, her boyfriend sat across from her and the car she hit contained her parents. The crash was fatal for her mom and dad, her mother decapitated, her father cut in half. For Anastasia, it was all a blur of black and red, screeching and screaming. When she came to, her boyfriend was pinned between his seat and the dashboard, murmuring that he needed help. She was covered in blood and stumbled from the car. She couldn't focus, and her memory flashed to the cause of the crash: someone had stepped out in front of her car as she sped up the long drive to her parents' house, just as they were coming the other way.
    Despite her boyfriend's cries, she searched around for the person she worried might have been caught between the two vehicles. After finding nothing, she stumbled back to her car, only to find the man she'd spotted briefly leaning in through the passenger side window, sucking on her boyfriend's neck.
    Anastasia didn't scream. She turned on her heel and ran toward her house. She was only 16, and whatever this hideous creature was, she wasn't going to be able to harm it or scare it off. 
    Unfortunately for Anastasia, the creature caught up to her.
KINDRED NIGHTS: FROM FEAR TO FREEDOM
    The monster who knocked Anastasia to the ground, dragged her across the gravel, and ripped out her throat was a Nosferatu named Parovich. He hadn't intended on engineering a car crash, instead aiming to invade Anastasia's home that evening. The actual outcome delighted him, and the resisting Anastasia amused him. He watched her bleed out for some time before feeding her a small amount of his vitae, setting her onto the bodies of her dead parents and dying boyfriend to sate her remaining hunger.
   Anastasia's existence as a childe of Parovich was terrible by any standard. He regularly cycled through new childer in his house on the Milwaukee outskirts, tormenting and teasing before hunting and murdering his offspring. Those he favored, usually just because they gave him more amusement than those he did not, he kept around for a few years. Anyone else was a vintage left to mature for a while before he devoured them. Anastasia was obliged to participate in Parovich's hunts for a long time, unfamiliar with the rest of Kindred society and terrified of what might happen if the cops discovered her. Parovich convinced Anastasia they were looking for her, and told her the MPD were looking for her in connection to the three deaths, and so out of fear, she stuck to his side.
    It took two years for her Blood brother Kristian to tell her a little of the vampires in wider Milwaukee. Fascinated, Anastasia asked for more and more information, resulting in snatches of story time whenever Parovich was absent. She learned of the Camarilla and the Anarchs from him. Further, Kristian informed Anastasia that some Kindred could moderate their hunger and hate, and the Black Hand were a group who exalted in such feelings. Parovich, he told her, was a secret member of that sect.
    One night, Kristian and Anastasia fled Parovich's haven, resulting in the Nosferatu elder, who also served as Primogen for his line in Milwaukee, enlisting coteries to quietly hunt his childer. Kristian told Anastasia it would be best for them to hide separately, but with no knowledge of the city beyond the neighborhood she once lived in and school she once attended, her options were limited. She took to making a haven in a steam tunnel beneath Carmen High, her former school, and became a figure of children's folklore. For company, she drew the neighborhood cats to her, and the story of "the Milwaukee catgirl" quickly spread.
    Anastasia may have remained confined to her tiny district of the city forever, were it not for Parovich's downfall. Word of his affiliation with the Black Hand spread, the elder succumbed to the Beast, and supposedly exists as a wight terrorizing the worst parts of Milwaukee still. Around the same time, Prince Decker clamped down on the liberties of all Milwaukee's Kindred, and demanded each one present themselves, pledge their loyalty to him and the Camarilla, and spurn any thought of the Anarch Movement.
    Anastasia learned of these changes through her cats, which had long become her spies, doped with vitae, and obediently she attended court for the first time, presenting herself to Prince Decker. She explained her ignorance of Camarilla customs, but likewise explained the horrors Parovich visited on her and his other childer. She told Decker she was only 16 when she was Embraced, but in the successive years had learned more about survival and remaining hidden than probably anyone else in the domain. She swore allegiance to him, providing he promised no excesses akin to Parovich's behaviors would ever be repeated in Milwaukee. Decker accepted the Nosferatu as a Kindred of Milwaukee, but declared her the last permitted unsanctioned Embrace in the domain.
    Since then, Anastasia's role in Milwaukee has developed. She looks out for the young and the hopeless in the city, knowing how difficult it is to survive with a cruel or absent sire. She implements new rules most other Milwaukee Kindred abide by, including banning the feeding on and siring of children. Due perhaps to her candor, or maybe her perceived innocence, Decker looks to her on decisions regarding her clan. He's gone on to appoint her one of his three domain judges, who decide all rulings regarding Decker's strict laws, and those who break them. None of this has truly hardened Anastasia. She's still a 16-year-old in many ways, and while she's prone to politicking, territoriality, and is still obsessed with how she might improve her mutilated appearance, she's also possessed of a great capacity for compassion and open-mindedness. The longer she rules over the exiles, tortures, and executions of her fellow Kindred, the more she enjoys her role as "the merciful judge." She now considers whether Golconda might be open to her, or if she might mellow Decker's tyranny. Increasingly, Milwaukee's Kindred look to her as a voice of reason in the Midwest police state domain. 
PLOTS AND SCHEMES:
ò Open Class: Anastasia believes many Kindred stop growing and learning when they're Embraced. Certainly, she feels this happened to her. She's no teacher, but she's a friendly ear, and invites Kindred in the domain to spend time with her and tell her 
what's on their mind. In exchange, she offers advice from the perspective of someone who existed in a state of constant fear for close to 20 years. 
ò Appeals and Witnesses: Anastasia wishes to revamp the court system of Milwaukee, which for the last decade has consisted of her, Decker, and another judge passing sentence on accused Kindred in a feudal manner. Decker reasons that this is the only way to handle errant Kindred, but Anastasia believes a more enlightened society benefits from Kindred being able to defend themselves, perform actions to earn their freedom, or have witnesses speak on their behalf. She believes in Decker's laws completely and utterly, but hopes the old Gangrel might loosen his grip.
ò Spread Your Wings: Anastasia came from a wealthy family, but the only places she travelled when alive were in the Midwest, and since entering undeath, she's been confined to Milwaukee. She wants to see the world, and would assist anyone who enabled this.
ò Hunt the Fucker: Anastasia's received word that Parovich is still around in Milwaukee in some form or other, and he's the one vampire for whom she has no mercy. She will gladly reward any vampire who renders him to ash, even if they act outside Decker's laws.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Horsen House (Haven 3, Influence 1, Resources 1) Parovich's dilapidated house is now Anastasia's haven. She's taken great pains to have it renovated and made secure, intending on allowing lost fledglings to take temporary respite within.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò East Side Children (Contacts 3) Due to her reputation as a folk legend, Anastasia is effective at terrorizing children and getting them to spy for her, provide information to her, and give her access to their parents' homes. It escapes her that when they assist in a home invasion, she's carrying out a practice of which Parovich was exceptionally fond.
ò Milwaukee's Stray Cats (Retainer 1) By no means an organized group, Anastasia has a strong connection to the stray cats of Milwaukee, providing them with tins of tuna and kibble when she's not letting them lick a little vitae from her fingers. She has a strong rapport with felines throughout the city.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Kristian (Mixed) Anastasia will never forget that 
Kristian got her out from under Parovich's heel, but 
at the same time, she can't forget the number of other Nosferatu killed during Parovich's extended torture of his clanmates, nor can she forget how Kristian left her to fend for herself and only met her again after Parovich fell from grace.
ò Parovich (Hatred) There is nobody Anastasia hates more than Parovich, and for good reason. Even the mention of his name puts her close to a state of frenzy.
ò Mark Decker (Mentor, Mawla 4) Decker isn't perfect, but he's right. That's Anastasia's view. She's come to believe that without a firm governor, vampires are prone to become devils in human skin, and it's Decker's grip on Milwaukee that now keeps it from such bloodshed. She may be kind and merciful, but she's fiercely dedicated to the Prince, acting as a disciple in his police state cult.
WHISPERS:
ò Parovich mk2: Tales of a Nosferatu bogeyman are rife throughout Milwaukee, and given the few members of that clan in the domain, many eyes turn to Anastasia. How seriously did Parovich screw her up?
ò Silly Little Girl: Some vampires gossip that for all her pretense as a judge, Anastasia's favor can be bought with something as simple as a bouquet of flowers or a bottle of perfume. She's obsessed with beauty.
ò Golconda: Anastasia found peace with Parovich's decline, and is now on the way to finding grace, and maybe a return to mortality.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Anastasia still looks young despite her disfigurement, but that's where the kind words end. Her face is a mass of scar tissue and open wounds, and though few see it, her torso is full of tattered holes. Her lean body bears a distinctly gray hue. She always wears a hat, usually a cap or beanie, to cover a weeping crack in her skull. 
ò Anastasia still bears her teenage voice, which can light up a room with vitality or become a petulant whine when she's unhappy. She alternates between bounding enthusiasm and deep introspection. 
ò "Anastasia" isn't her real name, and she's never used her name since Parovich ordered her to call herself "Anastasia." She has no paperwork or formal false identity, with Horsen House still in the name Parovich adopted among the kine. 
CULT CURIOUS
While some characters in this book, including Freddie Montgomery, Oscar Vasquez, and Euan Dunsirn are deeply embedded in their respective cults either as adherents or relied upon agents, other Kindred are more tentative in their embrace of belief or a religious order. This is deliberate, to allow the Storyteller the chance to show SPCs on various stages of the path toward enlightenment or damnation (depending on the judge), with others split between causes or wishing to escape from their cults. We encourage Storytellers to move these characters closer to or farther from the heart of their potential beliefs as their stories dictate, as, for example, an Anastasia devoted to the concept of Golconda is a different vampire to an Anastasia merely interested in the ideas surrounding it.
sire: Parovich
ambition: Ensure nothing like Parovich ever happens again
Convictions: Allow no torments of the young touchstones: Jane Pacey, a teenage girl who regularly visits "the catgirl" Anastasia.
humanity: 9 Generation: 8th
Blood Potency: 3
attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Composure 2; Intelligence 
2, Wits 4, Resolve 4 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 6 skills: Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Drive 3, Larceny 3, Stealth 4, Survival (Urban) 3; Animal Ken (Cats) 4, 
Etiquette 2, Insight 2, Intimidation (Bogeyman) 2, 
Subterfuge 1; Academics 1, Awareness 3, Politics 3, Technology 2, Science 2
disciplines: Animalism 4, Obfuscate 3, Potence 1 General difficulties: 5/3
BAPTISTE
Epitaph: The Artistic Soul 
Quote: "How could I look at anyone else when you're here?" Clan: Toreador
Embraced: 1984 (Born 1955)
MORTAL DAYS: PAINTING AND PLEASURE
   Born in Harlem as a first-generation American, Baptiste never forgot his Haitian-Cuban roots, even as his parents tried to assimilate him into the fine-arts school they worked overtime to pay for. His mixed-media paintings were inspired by those cultures and the burgeoning street-art scene of the late 1970s and early 1980s. He came into his own - as a person, an artist, and an addict - in the urban creatives' commune he joined after he dropped out. Baptiste cut a striking figure as a mortal, with warm brown skin, long locs, and avant-garde streetwear, and made his way through lovers of all genders even as the AIDS epidemic began in earnest, sweeping through his interlocking communities. He got lucky on that front, and he remains grateful. 
    As a mortal, Baptiste spent his days in whirlwind cycles of drug-fueled and wine-soaked debauchery, followed by shutting himself in his studio to paint for short, intense periods. His work was vivid and abstract, layers of pigment giving life to pieces like you are a bell-jar and i am suffocated within and two of hearts/two of swords/ten of fingers, which ended up in a private collection in 2010. He hated the business side of art and always took the first offer for any painting, even if it was shockingly low. He also gave art to friends or traded it for drugs, art supplies, or lodging.
   He never hit it big, but that wasn't what he was after. Baptiste didn't just want to paint, he had to; the art was inside him and if he didn't let it out, he would explode. His fingers itched if he went too long without holding a brush, and lovers' limbs were only temporary substitutes. Though he was never a well-known artist, he was a prolific one, churning out over 500 works prior to his Embrace, in addition to several incomplete paintings and sketches. He attracted a cult following that persists even now, and every year or two someone claims they discovered a Baptiste original in some basement or thrift store.
KINDRED NIGHTS:  
DEVILISHLY ANGELIC PREDATOR
    Most brilliant artists attract the Divas' attention at some point, especially if they are aesthetically pleasing. Baptiste caught the eye of a debaucher before his third decade ended and was Embraced a few weeks after they met. She was fickle, though, and found another tender mortal over whom to obsess. Left alone, with newfound strengths and heady urges he didn't fully understand, Baptiste tore a swath through the local art and club scenes. His predatory smile was powerful, and he never lacked for willing partners. He continued to paint, but his art took on a twisted beauty, and he experimented with grotesque substances for pigments and tools. He knew he and his work could become elevated, even exalted, but he had to find out how.
    Baptiste spent decades working feverishly on his opuses. He didn't just paint canvases and walls; he threw dyes and oils and viscera on any surface available. He held small, Kindred-only receptions for each new period, whether a display of bone-and-tooth sculptures or live models covered in swirls of darkest red accented with glitter and crystals. He changed with every reception. At one, he'd be in Victorian attire made completely of rough, patchwork leather. Five years later, he arrived in combat boots, an embroidered dressing gown over bondage gear, and a crown of thorns. He loved to shock people when he was alive, but this crowd required much more work.
    Though he's moved around during his immortal life, Baptiste clings to cities. He needs the bustle just outside his haven wall, the knowledge that he can be out among life in an instant. He prefers to be somewhere that tolerates or ignores his eccentric dress and mannerisms; he's added so many layers to his personality over the years he's become like a Renaissance painting. It would take fine tools for anyone to detect a trace of the Haitian-Cuban boy from Harlem. It's been a few years since one of the Children of the Angel pulled him aside at an art show and whispered how Baptiste was clearly one of them and had merely to perform the rites. Now, Baptiste stalks sinuously through Atlanta, having given up over-the-top clothes in favor of merely offbeat fashion that accentuates his gleaming skin and pearl-white teeth. He fills his nights with sex, art, and Nephilim rites. He's been striving toward perfection since he was a teenager, and now he might finally understand its meaning.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Leader of the Angels: Baptiste sees in himself the future of the Nephilim. A Hedonist who was a subversive artist in life sounds like the norm, but he's convinced he alone should be at the top of their movement. Is it time to do some traveling?
ò Atlanta in Thrall: He wants to first gain followers from across East Atlanta before moving on to the rest of the city, knowing the Children can grow to rival other vampiric powers there. Afterwards, there are other cities that need to know about Michael.
ò A Bee in the Hive: Though the Nosferatu annoys him, he hopes to lure Bee - and the rest of their local clan - to the cult, with promises of transforming their flaws into something at least resembling humanity. In reality, he hopes to use them before wiping them out. Looking at them hurts his soul if he still has one.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Decatur Studio (Haven 3, Resources 1) Baptiste owns a small art studio with an attached basement apartment near downtown Decatur. The art studio is not open to the public aside from rare gallery showings, and the front windows are chained and covered in heavy drapes otherwise. His sleeping quarters' walls are covered in graffiti and murals he adds to whenever he gets the urge. Recently, he's been adding a central, luminous figure rising from broken bodies. It might be the start of a new era.
ò Passionate Ones (Herd 2) While Baptiste sees most of East Atlanta as his, he's most at home among the artists and oddities of Little Five Points. He considers all the weirdos his herd - from the beautiful men dancing at MJQ's to the goths congregating at the Black Cat - and teaches art out of a local co-op space (which is actually part of a Nephilim temple) while also feeling them out as possible cult candidates.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Heloisa Sosa (Retainers 2) Heloisa is a brilliant young artist with a mind for business, so Baptiste employed her. She's not a ghoul, but she's connected to the outermost ring of the Nephilim. Heloisa is a striking woman, and there's a significant likelihood she'll eventually be deemed worthy of induction into the cult's deeper mysteries. She acts as Baptiste's errand girl and broker, selling the occasional "just-found" Baptiste piece via auction. He was never famous enough for anyone to require authentication - yet.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Clan Toreador (Concern) While he's a proud Diva, Baptiste worries the true path lies with the Children of the Angel, and thinks if he can convince more from the Clan of the Rose to join him, they can walk together into a perfect future. 
ò Nephilim (Devotion) Baptiste is convinced nothing so beautiful could be wrong. He sees his transformed face and chiseled body in the mirror and wonders how he never realized he was an imperfect creature before the Children found him. Though he's not quite handing out flyers on street corners, he's whispering in his lovers' ears. 
ò Bee (Disgust) Bee is a slight Nosferatu who has taken to pestering Baptiste whenever they find him. They saw him change over time, while observing society from the Atlanta sewers, and they want to know how he did it.
WHISPERS: 
ò Get Himself Killed: Baptiste takes lovers indiscriminately. He exposes himself to mortals too much, and one of them is going to run away with some horrifying tales.
ò Faking It: They say his name isn't Baptiste. He's younger than he says. Heloisa is the real artist. He's only in it for the attention. No way was real gore on those canvases at his show. He buys his own paintings and burns them; no one cares about his art.
ò Mastermind: One rumor states Baptiste is the Nephilim's southeastern leader and he's running a secret Basilica. He doesn't dispute this one. 
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Baptiste is a stunning, dark-skinned man who could be anywhere from 24 to 40. His hair is in locs that fall to mid-back, which he occasionally accentuates with glass, metal, and bone beads. He wears a combination of high fashion and streetwear, some new, much thrifted.
ò When not among the Nephilim, he carries himself as a charming, artistic type who has no real preference when it comes to flirting or fucking. Most kine don't know he only gifts them with his second-best smile, at most.
ò He still uses his real name, but no last name or any other identifiers. He has a fake ID with a different year of birth, but if a nascent art collector in Atlanta happens to connect him with the artist from the 80s, he laughs it off, saying Baptiste is a common Haitian name and what a strange coincidence they are both artists. Maybe the other guy's a long-lost cousin or something (Mask 1). sire: Lina Deneuve ambition: Achieve perfection
Convictions: Those who harm beauty must be punished
touchstones: Dieter Brown - Club Owner and Art Buyer humanity: 5 Generation: 11th Blood Potency: 3 attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Composure 4; Intelligence 
3, Wits 2, Resolve 1 secondary attributes: Health 5, Willpower 5
skills: Athletics 3, Craft (Painting) 5, Drive 1, Larceny 2; Etiquette (Nephilim) 4, Insight 2, Intimidation 1, Performance (Dance) 2, Persuasion (Charming) 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1; Awareness 1 disciplines: Celerity 1, Dominate 1, Presence 3 General difficulties: 5/3
FREDDIE MONTGOMERY
Epitaph: The Modern Minister
Quote: "If Jesus came back today, what would he think if he saw you, hm?" Clan: The Ministry
Embraced: 1982 (Born 1954)
MORTAL DAYS: PLUCKY PREPPER
   Growing up in a prepper, doomsday cult known as "the Open-Eyed" was an unusual upbringing for Freddie Montgomery. She received a limited education from home, was regularly exposed to evangelical rants and prophecies of apocalypse, and was raised to desire little outside the family circle (her family extending to around 30 individuals, mostly adults). The ever-optimistic Freddie rarely saw what the preppers were doing as harmful. This was all she knew, beyond occasional visits to Indianapolis for supplies. Rather than enticing her, the city compounded in her mind that society was bringing itself to the brink of destruction through a lack of compassion. She was always happy to return to the compound and share stories of the corrupt world beyond.
   It came as a shock when a SWAT team raided the compound, arrested its leaders for crimes ranging from drug, labor, and sex trafficking to sexual exploitation of minors, identity theft, and conspiracy to commit terrorist acts against the American state. Freddie was taken away and placed in an Indianapolis foster home, and from then until now remains convinced the entire raid was a deep-state manufactured move to crush one of the few movements that knew the truth of society's spiral into annihilation.
    Freddie's will never broke, even in her new surroundings. She devoted her existence to religion - one of the few transferable knowledges she acquired from the OpenEyed - and fortunately, her foster parents were similarly evangelical, encouraging her fervor in many ways. By the time she exited her teenage years, Freddie had converted her own foster parents to the Open-Eyed way of thinking. As her beliefs spread into the wider community, they drew the attention of one Melvyn Ramsay. 
KINDRED NIGHTS: FORKED TONGUE
    Ramsay had long been a Setite of significance in Indianapolis, helping to mold the domain to his liking well before his clan renamed itself and joined with the Anarchs. One of his favorite activities was finding young fanatics and turning them to the service of Set. Thankfully, Indiana has its fair share of evangelists seeking a worthy cause, and Ramsay came to cultivate a substantial following.
    He saw something in Freddie different than the usual lost cause. She was a woman with a cast iron belief but 
the charisma and joy that befit shepherds over the sheep. He visited her on many nights, slipping into her bedroom while her foster parents slept, and seduced her with his body and his words of prophecy. She eagerly participated in his lessons, and felt sure the Open-Eyed were following a similar path. When he offered the Embrace, she eagerly accepted.
    Freddie's existence as a Setite, and now as a Minister, has been one of success after success. From her study of religious ceremonies, she knows how to control the congregation. From her upbringing in the cult, she knows the principles of breaking someone down, to rebuild them as a devoted disciple. And from her ardent belief in a coming doomsday, she approaches everything with zeal, giving no time to those who'd rather sit in quiet contemplation.
    She grew as one of Ramsay's favored childer, feeding from only the most sublime vessels (so as not to contaminate her own perceived purity), fomenting Ministry influence in Indianapolis, and planning how best to spread its tendrils into other domains such as Milwaukee and Cincinnati. She sees nearby Chicago as a lost cause too mired in Camarilla politics to find faith.
    One might call Freddie a prodigy, for despite her lack of formal education and worldliness, she seems perfectly molded to serve as a vampire of the Ministry. However, her faþade bears cracks, not limited to her numerous blackmail plots against other influential Kindred, which she uses to strengthen her clan's control in the Midwest, and her recent murder of Melvyn Ramsay. This unexpected event occurred when she thought she spotted her biological parents in one of Ramsay's congregations, and a bout of flashbacks sent her to her childhood, revealing to her some of the truth of how her parents exploited and abused her. She saw Ramsay in those memories, and came to realize much of the unusual horrors she'd experienced as a child, which she'd compartmentalized or processed as perfectly normal, were all a symptom of the Open-Eyed being one of the Minister's blood cults.
    Freddie's concealed Melvyn's final death and explained to the city's other Ministers that he's on a pilgrimage to Cairo and the clan's ancestral home. For now, she continues her acts of conversion, brainwashing, and blackmail in the clan's service and to elevate herself as a possible shepherd for the Ministry, when it's realized Ramsay won't be returning. As she does so, she opens her eyes for the first time to the world beyond everything she's been taught. 
PLOTS AND SCHEMES:
ò Wheat from Chaff: Freddie believes some people can be saved, but others are helpless, and damn themselves through their constant sin. This attitude is a mix of the subverted Christian evangelism she heard 
all through her youth and the Ministry's attitude toward those who cannot overcome their own failings. She feels the Ministry needs to go further than a rebrand to make the clan everything it can be in these modern nights, including a cull of those who lead to the clan's more negative, pronounced stereotypes within Kindred society.
ò Preparing for the Inevitable: Freddie remains convinced the end times are coming, not out of any sense of logic, but because she can't imagine every adult she looked up to from her time as a child was lying to her. The church from which she addresses her congregation - St. Francisco's - is now known as a home to some of the most spiteful, nihilistic Christians in Indianapolis, as she pours all her apocalyptic beliefs into their eager minds. This dogma is edged with a tone of free love and expression, in part due to the belief that lives are to be enjoyed before they all go to hell.
ò A New Way: Freddie was fully on board with the clan conversion from absolute worship of some Ancient Egyptian deity, and feels they need to go further. She knows the Ministry were once commonly known as "the Clan of Faith" and feels they should find ways to appeal to Kindred and kine of all beliefs, taking their place as spiritual counsel and guidance for all other vampires, starting with the Anarchs. 
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Garfield Park Conservatory (Haven 1) Freddie finds Indianapolis horribly claustrophobic when compared to her youth in rural Indiana, but the conservatory is one of her favorite places to visit with congregants and haven when she's in need of a quick place to sleep or ruminate. It's also where she buried Ramsay's ashes.
ò St. Francisco's (Haven 2, Influence 3) Freddie Montgomery styles herself a preacher among the kine and set up her own evangelical church named St. Francisco's, which she sleeps beneath during the day. 
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Stacy Willis (Retainers 2) Willis is Freddie's mortal aide, running the administration (including the finances) of her church. In the last year she's also become the vessel for all Freddie's ill feelings. Stacy's fully committed to Freddie and buys into the vision of an upcoming doomsday.
ò St. Francisco's Congregation (Allies 2, Contacts 2, Herd 2, Retainers 1) Freddie's first followers were alcoholics, drug addicts, and homeless people she invited in to hear the good word, being a fiery mix of Christian and Setite teachings. Steadily, her congregation size has increased. Freddie appeals to the desperate and needy, and provides them with reassurance and protection, expecting the same in return all while leading them to some kind of apocalypse.
ò Preppers (Contacts 1) Freddie tentatively reaches out to members of her former cult, where she can find them. A lot of time has passed since the 1970s, and many are dead or long gone from Indiana. She wants to know more of her past, why the cult existed, and whether Ramsay controlled it. She's also frightened to learn the truth, as she's not blind to the fact she's repeating many of their love-bombing practices on her own followers.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Keisha Phelps (Envy) A fellow Indianapolis Minister, Keisha rubs Freddie the wrong way due to her earnest belief and positivity, which reminds her of how she felt before the scales fell, and she attacked Ramsay. Every time Keisha proselytizes, Freddie feels the Beast stir.
ò Djedefre (Past Time) Freddie sees Djedefre, an elder Minister in Indianapolis, as an antique. He runs a temple to Set, for God's sake. She wants him mothballed, ideally with a stake through the heart.
ò Mark Decker (Crucible) Decker is a shade of what Freddie feels is wrong with America's Kindred: he imposes rules but offers no positive outcome from following them. He may appear strong, but he's just good at hiding. It's her destiny, in Freddie's mind, to bring this Camarilla monarch down. 
WHISPERS:
ò Once a Wight: A popular rumor Freddie's never disabused is that she was a wight for two full years before rediscovering her faith and returning to her clan's arms. Of course, this must be nonsense: nobody returns from the Beast's clutches...
ò Assassin: Freddie intends to sweep the decks of the old Setites and stand among the clan vanguard for this new era. She's already murdered Ramsay and intends to tackle Djedefre next.
ò Blood Bond Hatred: Freddie Montgomery despises the idea of chemically-induced devotion, and encourages the Indianapolis ruling that any vampires who bond Kindred or kine are subject to exile at best, or a blood hunt at worst.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò As far as the world is concerned, Freddie's still the Freddie Montgomery who was raised in a cult and went on to lead a church in Indianapolis. Nobody has questioned her lack of aging, despite her Embrace being four decades ago. Freddie doesn't find this unusual. She keeps few relationships so close that anyone would see fit to ask, and her followers know better than to query.
ò Freddie is a small white woman with long hair typically tied back in a ponytail or braid. She has elfin features, with pale skin and similarly pale blue eyes, over which she wears spectacles more befitting the 1980s in style than the modern era. Freddie always wears conservative dress, preferring pants and turtleneck sweaters to anything loose. Her voice is hard, but reassuring, like that of a jaded therapist. 
sire: Melvyn Ramsay ambition: Complete the Ministry conversion from old ways to the new
Convictions: Always indulge one's vices when possible touchstones: Stacy Willis - mortal aide to Freddie's church and the recipient of many of Freddie's impulses humanity: 4 Generation: 11th
Blood Potency: 2
attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Composure 4; Intelligence 
4, Wits 3, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 5, Willpower 7 skills: Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Melee 3, Stealth 2; Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 4, Insight (Weaknesses) 4, Intimidation 3, Leadership (Cult) 4, Persuasion (Lovebombing) 5, Subterfuge 3; Academics (Psychology) 3, Awareness 2, Investigation 1, Medicine 3, Occult 
2, Politics (Anarch) 2
disciplines: Animalism 2, Presence 3, Protean 3 General difficulties: 5/3
MISERY
Epitaph: The Defiant Princess
Quote: "Just looking for a way out..."
Clan: Lasombra
Embraced: 1962 (Born 1937)
MORTAL DAYS: GUITARS AND GILDED CAGES
    The pseudonym "Misery" was something of a requirement for Mona, being a student at a prestigious private school in Vancouver. It allowed her to write her diary in the third person, enabling her to document her escapades drinking, attending clubs, and fraternizing with the types of boys who would make her mother swoon. It also ensured her family's reputation was protected from her misdemeanors. But it was her second life that blossomed, as she explored the underground music scene and the growing rock and roll movement. The name Misery stuck, as she joined a prog rock band ingloriously named Toxic Shock Syndrome, which contributed to their lack of success. Her years of vocal lessons and singing in the school choir gave her the ability, if not the raw talent, of a star, however, leading to the band of 16- to 19-year-olds releasing a couple of records before folding.
    Life as a wayward young woman came to an end eventually. Misery's father paid off her publishers, and her mother used her influence on the board of alumni to ensure she was inducted into law school. She immediately rankled at the idea of being pushed this way or that, while her sister Elisha fumed with jealousy, as Misery's exam scores would not otherwise have qualified for university, and she was ever the favorite in her father's eyes.
    Misery found studying for her degree in law a dull affair and constantly sought the escape of rebellion. It was on the evening she went to her tutor to declare her abandonment of academia, that waiting in the corridors, she met a man claiming to be an old family friend. Younger than her father, and more handsome and debonair, she knew she could seduce him. In return, he found Misery's willful attitude charming beyond compare. Her rebellion would take a different form, through sexuality and a forbidden relationship.
    Misery spent a long time with this man, by the name of Siegfried, as he nurtured her musical interests and promised her a life away from familial expectation. Meanwhile, she rubbed her relationship with Siegfried in the faces of her parents, her sister, and the university. Siegfried was enraptured by her rebellious streak, her talents, and the way she used her parents' wealth to further her own intrigues. She would make the perfect childe for him, the Ventrue Prince of Vancouver. Things didn't go exactly to plan.
KINDRED NIGHTS: NEVER BROKEN
    Vancouver was a rare domain in that it was outside the reach of Camarilla or Sabbat, due to the heavy Lupine presence in the territory. This made Siegfried equally rare, as while he held praxis and abided by the Traditions, he never engaged in wider sectarian politics. Perhaps it was for this reason that he once fought alongside a Lasombra vampire named Marcus or Lucius - his memory fails to recall exactly - in a grand battle against the Lupines in his domain. The Lasombra saved him from a brutal final death at the claws and teeth of one of these werewolves, and Siegfried promised any boon in return.
    Half a century later, and the same Lasombra reemerged the night before Siegfried was due to offer Misery the Embrace. His erstwhile savior elected to cash in his favor there and then, selecting Siegfried's intended childe as his own. Split between his love for Misery and his word as Prince, Siegfried gave Misery up to the Keeper and sank into a deep sorrow.
   Misery never consented to the Embrace, nor did she forgive Siegfried or her actual sire for treating her like a chattel to be traded or pawned. She refused to be just another woman caught between "great men." Misery learned all she could about being a Blue Blood while her Lasombra sire occasionally visited to prove a point to Siegfried that she never cared to understand. Once she was schooled in the ways of the Ventrue, her sire took her away to act as his "cupbearer," but it soon became clear to her that she was simply a way for the Lasombra's contemporaries to feed, with Marcus proffering his childe to Kindred with a taste for vitae. 
    She didn't bend or break, her resistance hardening with every depredation. While her sire ostensibly enjoyed her spirited defiance, she could see that with every fight, he was closer to losing control: the state she wanted to coax him into. After months of needling, on the verge of frenzy he sent her back to Vancouver. Misery considered herself the victor and prayed he'd think better of Embracing another young woman without a thought.
    Misery spent a little time in Vancouver, but found no home for herself there. She briefly reconnected with Siegfried, only to discover that with time, he'd transferred his affections elsewhere, proving in her mind that the undead are even more prone than mortals to flights of fancy inevitably leading to betrayal and heartbreak. 
    Seeking direction and purpose, she wandered the United States and joined one coterie after another, occasionally taking up music again or helping similar childer escape their elder tormentors. Misery became something of an idol for such Kindred, especially among the Anarchs, who view her as a constant thorn in the sides of cruel Princes. 
    It was in Misery's travels she first encountered the Church of Caine in San Diego. The cult's Gnosticism grants her a new view of her Kindred existence, and it's one she loathes. She finds the self-elevation present within this cult as utterly delusional, akin to mortals who become "born again" when everyone else in their lives has grown sick of them. Still, she identified in the Cainite faith a new challenge: she'd taken on elders, capricious Princes, and was recognized as a fighter among her fellow Anarchs, so why not break the chains this Gnostic faith foisted on its followers?
    Banking on her semi-celebrity status, she pledged fealty to the Church of Caine if they would but teach her their rites and show her the way to enlightenment. As ever, her cynicism and resolute decision to never buckle means she cannot swallow any of the cult's screed, even as she grows to enjoy the company of fellow cultists. Her aim is to scale the cult hierarchy and erode it from within, even if it destroys the lives and beliefs of others in doing so.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES:
ò I Remember Those Fangs: Despite the abuse of her sire, the torment that endures the strongest is the memory of being used as a feeding vessel between Marcus' friends and associates. Misery keeps a list of all the supposedly upstanding Princes and Primogen who used her as a blood doll, and plots how best to incinerate them while letting them know who's holding the torch. 
ò Born Again: Misery acts as a deacon within the Church of Caine, testing the beliefs of new converts and often finding them wanting. She's deliberately harsh and off-putting to fledglings, as she attempts through her role to dissuade vampires from giving their existences over to a faith that cares nothing for them. She dresses these actions up as having lofty standards.
ò Starting Over: As much as she finds companionship in the Church of Caine, Misery worries she could be sucked into the cult's controlling hierarchy. Freedom from her sire instils in Misery the desire to just fall in with the Anachs and lead an existence free of all this Kindred politicking. She's planning to take a sizeable chunk of the Church of Caine with her, however.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò North Park Apartment (Haven 2) A small apartment in one of the most culturally diverse parts of San Diego. Her apartment is sparse but for musical instruments, as Misery has little to her life but defiance against others.
ò Gaslamp Quarter (Contacts 3, Herd 2, Influence 1) 
A thriving nightlife, and home to many clubs where Misery blends in, relives her mortal days and entices potential meals to her as she performs at open mic nights. It's when performing that she forgets the horrors she's endured.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Carl Firth (Allies 1, Retainer 2) The owner of the Prohibition bar where Misery infrequently performs. Having Carl as her ghoul allows Misery greater discretion in her feeding in the Gaslamp Quarter.
ò Kendra Hope (Contacts 1) Kendra is the manager of a record shop, selling rare vinyl discs, and it is here Misery spotted one of her band's records framed. Conversations with Kendra keep Misery up to date with modern music trends, where the most popular places in the Rack are, and more about society and culture in San Diego, especially the collectives of alternative philosophy and faith.
ò Safety Deposit Boxes (Resources 4) When Misery was on warm terms with Siegfried, he revealed to her he possessed multiple safety deposit boxes in banks across America, should he need to go on the run. One of the signatories for these boxes, as they require two, was his intended childe Mona. Misery, as she now calls herself, has accessed three of these boxes and withdrawn over a hundred thousand dollars in cash and jewels to keep her safe and wealthy, though doing so has left a paper trail of her movements.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Marcus (Enemy #1) Misery isn't aware of whether her sire is still active, or what his role in Kindred politics might be. If she discovers a trace of him, she'll attempt to turn the entire Church of Caine against him, inventing up all manner of heresies of which he's guilty.
ò Priestess Driskel (Mentor, Mawla 2) Driskel found Misery in downtown San Diego, as the Lasombra masqueraded as a recovering drug addict at a counseling session. Driskel initiated Misery into the church and now claims her as her most devout worshipper.
ò Faith Corrigan (Sister) Misery's struggled to bond with anyone like she once did with her sister, though their relationship was tempestuous. She sees Faith as an ersatz sister figure, and enjoys her sermons, confessing many of her own failings to the distant Banu Haqim, even as she realizes Faith will be one of those she has to bring down for her objectives to yield fruit.
WHISPERS:
ò Bomber: Misery's drawn the ire of the Circulatory System, following her breaking into one of their safehouses where they kept a host of fledglings staked and ready for consumption by hungry elders. She released the feeding stock like some vampire eco-warrior.
ò Raising the Dead: Misery's mortal sister Elisha died recently of cancer, and she regrets falling out of her life following the Embrace. Kindred speak of seeing Misery meeting with members of the Clan of Death to arrange some form of resurrection.
ò Toxic Shock Revival: Misery's former band only released two singles, but one was recently used to surprisingly great effect in the season finale of popular schlocky pseudo-religious detective drama, Bill Zebub. There have been calls for the band to get back together for a live performance, leading to the big question of "what happened to Misery?"
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Misery constructed the identity of life coach and acoustic guitar strummer, Elizabeth "Lizzy" Joplin. The ID is thorough, as she asked Siegfried for his assistance in a rare instance of cooperation between the two, and he put her in touch with contacts that could assist her. Only the best NSA agents notice Lizzy is a lie. (Mask 2)
ò Not wanting to have all her eggs in one basket, Misery has a second identity, just as well-constructed as the last, using her background in law, and working for a record label as a copyright lawyer called Rachel Munroe. (Mask 2)
ò Misery owes her Mediterranean features to her grandmother, with jet black hair and cat-like eyes. 
  The silken skin of her diamond face masks scars on her back that never healed, seared and wrought into her flesh by her sire. Misery tends to wear concealing clothes, draping over her slight frame. sire: Marcus Vitel ambition: Find a path free of control Convictions: Always work to free others from the yoke of cruel masters; Never fail to oppose the assholes who tortured me touchstones: Kendra Hope - Buddhist music label manager; Jerome Luthor - counselor at a drug addiction self-help group who strives to help those willing to admit their crimes and faults.
humanity: 6 Generation: 6th
Blood Potency: 4
attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Composure 3; Intelligence 
4, Wits 3, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 6 skills: Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Drive 1, Melee 1, Stealth 2; Etiquette 2, Insight 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 
2, Performance (Singing, Guitar) 3, Persuasion 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge (Feign Mortality) 3; Academics (Law) 2, Awareness 2, Finance 1, Occult 3, Politics 2 disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Oblivion 3, Presence 2
General difficulties: 6/5
IGNAZ AUGUST VON KRAL
Epitaph: A Beast and a Scholar
Quote: "Yes, chap, let's discuss this over drinks, shall we?"
Clan: Ventrue
Embraced: 1938 (Born 1881)
MORTAL DAYS: ONLY FOLLOWING ORDERS
    Ignaz ran away from home at 16 to join the Austro-Hungarian military. Most first sons of merchant families wouldn't have to run away to do so, but Ignaz wasn't thought of as a boy by his strict Algerian-Austrian parents. Nothing is known about him prior to his military career. It was the late 19th century, and while the Austro-Hungarian empire wasn't involved in any wars at the time, he was soon shipped off to suppress the Boxer 
Rebellion. He demonstrated a number of unusual traits that made him stand out among his fellow soldiers, including his dedication to sharpening bayonets and sabers, and his claims of religious belief to justify not washing or doing it alone. His fellow soldiers allowed him his eccentricities, mostly because he was one of their more vicious soldiers. 
    Ignaz committed atrocities that made his comrades in arms blanch. At the time, he justified it by thinking of the rebels as "animals." He later realized he was committing vengeance against people for slights leveled against himself back in Europe. There, he was dark, too tall, had a blade of a nose, and heavy brows that marked him as "other." Here, he could be just another righteous savior, coming to put down what he considered barbarians.
    After the debacle of the Great War, he retired from the military with a few shiny medals, a shit knee, and a sturdy walking stick. He ended up living in a small Austrian village, not far from where he grew up, and amassed and sold his second great love: books. Once Ignaz grew bored with histories and novels, he leaned into esoterica and the occult, along with gruesome and disturbing pornography, squirreling away a collection in the back room of the shop he had since opened. He used his forbidden books to justify his killing of "lesser beings" and also to learn inventive new ways to kill both people and animals. 
   Just a couple of years before the onset of World War II, someone stuffed a slim volume in his letterbox with a blank cover. Inside, the shoddily printed book detailed someone named "Irad," and his exploits appealed to Ignaz, as did the philosophy of power laid out in the latter chapters. One of his special clients, a Mr. Haas, stopped by, and inquired after the volume. When Ignaz explained he didn't know from whence it came, but was intrigued by its contents, Mr. Haas revealed it was he who left it, and asked if Ignaz would like to discuss it over drinks? The rest didn't take much convincing.
KINDRED NIGHTS: SOWING VIOLENT SEEDS
    After his Embrace - into both Clan Ventrue and the Servitors of Irad - Ignaz spent the next decades learning everything he could about the world of which he'd barely scratched the surface as a mortal. It was a heady thing, this knowledge the occult was not only real, but monsters walked among the flocks and now he was blessed to be one of them. He found his true calling when it came to war and violence: not simply participating in it, but causing it. While he and his kind aren't technically responsible for any of the great wars of history, they have driven kine to fight and die, and caused conflict among Kindred during already stressful times. 
    Ignaz never stopped being interested in the dark works, occult or not; he genuinely revels in gore and bloodshed. He's long-since given up pretending to care about sex, though. Why be physically intimate when you can instead plunge your hands into an enemy's gaping chest cavity? The decade after his Embrace was an especially bloody one for Ignaz, but the horrors of the trenches and the aftermath thereof covered for most of his personal grisly leavings.
    In modern nights, Ignaz has repeated the cycle of his mortal life. After many years of adventure and violence, he's settled down with a few fellow conspirators in a major European city. From their fortified townhouse, they track suspected Inquisitor movements as best they can, and occasionally send their vampiric enemies to final death. Much has changed since the Second World War, and while he and his compatriots aren't above physically involving themselves in warfare, they feel much more effective instigating from the shadows and watching the news unfold.
    With the Sabbat gone to ground for now, Ignaz looks to stir unrest among the Anarchs and Camarilla, all while hunting leads on the Beckoning, Gehenna, and still-existing methuselahs. Recently, he and his compatriots have studied Blood Sorcery, knowing those rituals can only serve them better in their many schemes. He's still happy to talk various tomes with other learned Kindred, but they find him a tough nut to crack unless they show up utterly devoted to his ideals.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Subversion: Ignaz and his ilk aren't above selling out 
Kindred they think are a danger to the Servitors of Irad's crusade. They are building a network of spies and allies to give information to the Second Inquisition.
ò Acquisition: Ignaz is always looking for new texts to flesh out his library, especially rare or unusual volumes. Recently, he's on the hunt for a copy of the Book of the Grave-War. Information on its whereabouts would be an effective way to get close to him.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò European Brick Townhouse (Haven 2) The small group of servitors who live and hatch plans together stay in a townhouse with inner fortifications, such as a panic room and a soundproof basement, hidden from outside eyes. Lines out work well but getting a signal in is the difficult part. 
ò Local Street Kids (Herd 2, Contacts 1) Ignaz feeds mostly from the homeless youths and transient backpackers who pass through his town. He considers them disposable and lesser and isn't above bringing one back to their flat to play with for a time before getting rid of them. The permanent population is another matter, and he and his comrades work diligently to protect the people of their town from outsiders so they may remain above suspicion. 
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Eduardo Muller (Retainers 1) A local rare-books dealer, Eduardo supplies Ignaz and his flat mates with exquisitely preserved tomes as well as information. Though he doesn't always know the meaning of the coded messages or volumes he passes, he enjoys telling stories of how he acquired either, complete with decent voice-acting and facial expressions.
ò Hacking Ring (Allies 2) Ignaz is connected to a small, mortal-run hacking ring that operates on both sides of the internet. He provides them with occasional cash transfusions, and they dig up information on his rivals and those he wants to bring into his fold. 
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Mercutio (Confidant) Mercutio - which is almost certainly not his real name - joined Ignaz a few decades back, also professing a love for old books and causing chaos. The Ministry vampire has shown a voracious interest in Blood Sorcery since Ignaz picked it up almost to the point of obsession.
ò Clan Ventrue (Grudging Respect) While Ignaz has little to do with his clan overall, he relies on their reputation for power and control when interacting with the rest of the Camarilla. The "arrogant Ventrue" act is an excellent cover for putting most people off looking into his nightly doings, as he sure-
ly can't be as interesting as he pretends to be.
ò Servitors of Irad (Ambitious) Ignaz would like to bring more of the Servitors together with common goals and use the group to undermine major vampire sects while taking more power and knowledge for himself and his fellow cultists.
WHISPERS: 
ò Wannabe: Most people underestimate Ignaz. They say he's just a romantic stereotype of a vampire with his books and his "housemates" and his being a bit of a recluse. Those who say such things don't know of his bloodthirsty military past, nor mow much information he has on them.
ò Cainite: Those who have any inkling of Ignaz' insider information think he's trying to bring about some version of the end times. They're right, in a way, but oh, so wrong. It's not the endgame of Gehenna or Revelations toward which he strives, but the utter destruction and endless war on the way will be his masterpiece, all in the Antediluvians' name.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Ignaz is a solid, square man of medium height, heavybrowed and hawk-nosed. He's clean-shaven, without a trace of stubble, and has olive skin and brown eyes. He prefers to dress in crisp business-casual attire, favoring innocuous slacks with a buttoned shirt and a dark blazer. 
ò While he's most excited by violence, he's still a bookish man, happy to go on at length about an obscure biography or manifesto he read a long time back. He blends in with most crowds in diverse areas, and people tend to assume he's an accountant or lawyer.
ò His identification papers declare he's Hakim Olafsson, 55 years old. He also has proof he's a tax accountant with a working phone number even, nut no one ever asks (Mask 2). sire: Mr. F. Haas ambition: To start the ultimate war Convictions: Acquire the knowledge to defeat my enemies at all costs
touchstones: Agathe, a rare-books dealer who 
Ignaz regularly visits
humanity: 3 Generation: 10th
Blood Potency: 2
attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1; Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Composure 2; Intelligence 
4, Wits 4, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 4, Willpower 5 skills: Athletics 2, Firearms 3, Larceny 1, Melee (Saber) 2, Stealth 1, Survival 1; Etiquette 1, Insight 1, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Persuasion 2, Subterfuge 2; Academics (History) 3, Awareness 1, Medicine 2, Occult 4, Politics 1, Technology 3 disciplines: Blood Sorcery 1, Dominate 2, Fortitude 2, Presence 1
General difficulties: 6/4
RA═Z
Epitaph: Writing on the Wall
Quote: "Truths must be spoken and heard."
Clan: Hecata (Lamiae)
Embraced: 1933 (Born 1792)
MORTAL DAYS: VIVA LA REVOLUCION!
    RaÝz grew up in Argentina as Martina Santiago Guzman. Her childhood was mostly unremarkable compared to others growing up during the Spanish colonial rule, but all hell broke loose after the May Revolution. RaÝz was only 18 at the time, but she was determined to help fight the Spanish. Her father worked as a local printer's assistant, and RaÝz snuck in at night with his key to make seditious pamphlets to distribute. She left stacks of them on street corners, a rock on top to keep them from blowing away.
   After a few were passed around, she saw one of her flyers tacked up on a wall, "Who is the author?" scrawled in heavy ink over the words she had so carefully typeset. She switched her spots and made sure no one watched, but one night someone pulled her into a doorway, hand over her mouth, as she snuck home from her latest drop. Luckily, it was a fellow member of the patriotic faction, Joaquin, a young man with a contraband small printing press. RaÝz didn't know her writing was helping morale in places, or people read her sheets aloud to anyone who couldn't for themselves. She didn't fancy herself a writer or a poet, but she struck a chord with everyday workers and fighters in her city, and the cause wanted her to do more.
    Though Joaquin was skeptical at first that RaÝz was the author, she soon proved herself and began to make trips to and from his hidden press several times a week, under the guise of a village girl going to market. She fell a little in love with him during the long hours they spent devising the wording for a new distribution, but he was engaged to a beautiful, gentile woman and RaÝz was certain she had no chance.
   Once the war was over, they parted ways, and RaÝz took a job traveling with a Spanish widow who needed a companion for reasons of propriety. As the widow preferred to be left to her own devices - and her own social class - RaÝz had time to continue writing in her cramped quarters. She sent things off to magazines and newspapers under a pseudonym, but with the instruction that if published, the money should go to her family back home, as her father and brother were both injured in the war.
    When she did show her writing, now mostly fiction, to anyone who asked, there was always a comment made about her work being "striking," "inspired," or "unusual." She never quite understood what they meant; putting words on the page came easily to her, and she did it mostly for fun and because it was her primary hobby in the postwar world.
KINDRED NIGHTS: THE LONG WAIT
    In 1824, after returning home, Joaquin found RaÝz at night again. In another time, he would have set her heart to racing, but he was changed somehow. Different. He didn't exchange pleasantries or ask where she had been for the last few years, merely telling her he needed her help. She nodded and followed him through familiar streets, but the room that once housed his press now contained only a strange white woman. Joaquin mouthed "I'm sorry" at RaÝz before bolting, and that was the last she saw of him.
    She later discovered the Lamia who used RaÝz' skills as a ghoul and eventually Embraced her had blackmailed Joaquin, threatening to torture his family if he didn't reveal the author of the piercingly insightful pamphlets. The woman, Dora, got the information out of him quicker than RaÝz liked. She forgave him, deep down, but swore to never trust another man with her life as she had Joaquin.
    She read books and tracts and talked with her employers. She was beginning to see connections where she hadn't before, but everything exploded into clarity once she was finally Embraced. Everything was joined in perfect webs and spokes, radiating out from people and places and objects. The world was both too bright and dark, and the people - the struggling, scheming, flawed people - were things of beauty and terror. She also realized the wrong Joaquin had done her. She left soon after, needing to pursue some philosophical goal that sounded like nonsense when said aloud. Dora merely nodded, smiling her Cheshire smile.
    When she arrived in a city on her own for the first time, it was magical. Though her sire explained Kindred existence, RaÝz had never been truly on her own before, in over a century of existence. She met new Kindred and wrote about them in glowing prose, but abstract and obtuse enough as to not break the Masquerade if her work 

got out. She began going by "RaÝz" then, and the only thing that brought her out of her state of wonder was the hearing a woman being beaten by her partner in the shabby apartment next to hers.
    After a bloodbath she barely remembers, RaÝz came to in her flat, writing about the beauty of the body of a crushed man on her wall in marker. When the walls were covered, she fled, afraid the local Prince would call for her head. In time, it happened again, and she started moving from domain to domain, following crime reports of men who were released too soon and a burgeoning new interest: The Bahari.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Elimination: RaÝz would like to destroy every man who's ever wronged a woman, especially by stringing them along the way she feels she was let down. It's not enough to kill them; she wants their guts strewn across the highway.
ò Revolutionary: More than just revenge, RaÝz wants the women under her care to rise up and take their rightful places as the dominant gender. It's not the most feasible, but it would be her ultimate work. 
ò Masterpiece: Eventually, RaÝz thinks, she'll write something that moves the hearts and minds of all to her vision. The vision of the Bahari and her revolutionary soul are interchangeable within this desire; she wants only for everyone to listen.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Studio Apartment (Haven 1) RaÝz has a series of small studios she leaves destroyed by her writing. She can't stay in any one too long; the smell always gets to people.
ò Local Bahari Adherents (Herd 1) Wherever RaÝz settles, the local Bahari make their kine her own, and she feeds off them as long as she's there and not causing too much of a ruckus. 
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Richard Whelan (Retainers 1) Richard is a middle-aged writer entranced by the Argentinian woman. She's made him a ghoul, and he runs her errands. It amuses her that another man is enthralled by her, and she considers him harmless for now.
ò Wronged Women (Allies 2, Retainers 1) While RaÝz wouldn't call the women she helps "tools" at all, she uses them as such, making them pay her for helping them out of tough situations. 
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Ian Anderson (Confusion) RaÝz recently entered into a working relationship with a Warlock named Ian Anderson, admiring the man's skills and thoughtful process. She secretly views the young Tremere with a mix of respect and terror. He hasn't been misogynistic, but she worries what the future holds, and if his outwardly kind demeanor is purely an act.
ò Clan Hecata (Ambivalence) From everything her sire told her, the Hecata and their precursors the Giovanni were unkind to the Lamiae, of which she's a member. However, times are changing, and she hears a new wave of younger Hecata, not gripped so tightly in the male grip of the old family heads, may be more welcoming. She's content to wait and see how the Lamiae fare within the new clan structure.
ò Bahari (Sacred) She views the Bahari as the one true faith and is more than willing to accede to their every demand.
WHISPERS: 
ò Lovesick: Her detractors say it's all an act, that she's just putting on this face so she can win back her one true love. She tells people he's dead and had her killed, but it doesn't sway them. 
ò Flight Risk: Princes talk, and they know she bounces from place to place with little warning and a trail of destruction behind her. It might be safer to kill RaÝz than to harbor her, at this point.
ò False Genius: Her words aren't her own, and Joaquin lives to this day as a vampire. He was the true poet, and she was a martyr of sorts. He follows her, whispering his dreams in her ear so she may write them on walls and in journals. One day he will reveal himself, and she will be silenced.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò RaÝz is a short, plump Argentinian woman who appears to be in her late 20s. She wears either the students' uniform of a sweatshirt with a backpack and jeans or long, flowing dresses. She appears harmless, aside from the intensity of her gaze peering out from her long, curly hair. 
ò She's bubbly and sweet when talking to women, but on edge around men, including Kindred. The people she's met who fall outside the gender binary don't rile her up, and she's happiest when talking about writing or abstract, creative concepts.
ò The closest thing she has to an identity is the ID her sire gave her as a parting gift, but it has her old name on it and she's loath to use it. She gets by on delivery, identity theft, and cash from her victims. sire: Dora
ambition: To enact justice on abusers, no matter how small the crime
Convictions: Protect women from the cruelty of men touchstones: Lucy Hernandez - Joaquin's several-times-removed granddaughter, found via genealogy websites humanity: 5 Generation: 10th Blood Potency: 3 attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1; Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Composure 2; Intelligence 
4, Wits 3, Resolve 2 secondary attributes: Health 4, Willpower 4 skills: Brawl 2, Craft (Writing) 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Stealth 4, Survival 2; Insight 3, Leadership 1, 
Persuasion 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2; Awareness 4, Investigation 2 (Crime), Politics 3 disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 1, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 3, Oblivion 2
General difficulties: 6/4
MISS FITZSIMMONS
Epitaph: The Headmistress
Quote: "One can always do better."
Clan: Lasombra
Embraced: 1903 (Born 1860)
MORTAL DAYS: A WITHERING WALLFLOWER
   Born Emily Anne Fitzsimmons, Miss Fitzsimmons grew up as a rather plain daughter of minor nobility in a time when fortunes changed hands based on a woman's ability to wield a fan and get laced into a corset. Though she considered joining the church to get away from her mother's laments about her "spinster daughter," she chose teaching as a vocation after her years in boarding school. Once she achieved the rank of headmistress at her first post, a small girls' academy in Wales, she found the old axiom about power true. While she started out meaning to be fair but firm, the ability to treat not only her students but other teachers in any way she wished went to her head. She ordered and barked, and employed cold stares and too-frequent slaps, to get her point across or make her wishes clear. By the age of thirty, she was already whispered about as a "horrid old beast" by most of her students and her faculty. 
    She was intelligent, though, and self-aware, so she left Wales and set off for a new life in North America. Her thinking at the time was the school she was leaving was too close to her place of origin; she needed true freedom and a fresh start to clear her head and prevent her from acting in such dreadful ways. She didn't feel real remorse, however, the kind that eats at you and leaves you striving to be a better person; everything she was feeling was just a holdover from her indoctrination into being a "lady." Ladies didn't hit or yell or raise their hands at people. 
    By the time she left her third school in as many years, she got over that. She took a position at a boys' reform school where her cruelty and megalomania could reign unchecked and reveled in imparting discipline and fear alike to everyone within. She remained a spinster, spending her time alone in a cottage on the school's grounds and had precious few visitors. One of her callers, a local charity worker called Mrs. Houghton, came by monthly to ask for donations and usually stayed for tea. After a time, she started bringing her boss along for their visits: 
Walter, a tall, thin man with oddly pale eyes. 
KINDRED NIGHTS:  
THE DIRECTOR WILL SEE YOU NOW
    As it happened, Mrs. Houghton was Walter's ghoul, and heard about Miss Fitzsimmons' temperament via the school's other teachers' gossiping and complaining. They offered her more power than she could have dreamed as a mortal woman, and she took it, just as she had grasped for it her whole life. 
    Her first decades of undeath were spent in a whirlwind of travel, education, and initiation into the deeper mysteries of both her clan and her new state of being. She and her companions traveled across Europe, outrunning the tides of multiple wars. They stayed in St. Petersburg and longer in western Canada, and Miss Fitzsimmons eventually no longer thought of herself as "Emily Anne." She was a religious woman in life, at least as much as she was expected to be, but wasn't a true believer until she learned of Golconda. Her mission thereafter was finding this balance, the ability to be one with her Beast. She had long-since accepted her urges to dominate and control; now she had a path to merging the two sides of herself as, on some level, she was still the bookish girl no one would ask to dance. 
    A few years ago, she came across The One True Way's literature and attended a meeting, intrigued. Though she didn't find the speakers particularly inspiring, she knew there was something to what they were saying, if only they were smart enough to see it as she did. It was more about embracing your Beast than controlling or shedding it, and she decided she'd be a better standard-bearer than the Kindred leading the talk. Since then, she sank all of her schoolmistress know-how and Lasombra zealotry into The One True Way and considers herself one of few true believers.
   Though she's aware of the turmoil among Kindred in these nights, she considers herself above politics, operating out of an office in her estate in Canada. From there, her ghouls and errand runners send sealed pamphlets to their final destinations, and she coaxes Kindred to join her in-person mentorship program, away from the dangers of everyday existence. Miss Fitzsimmons claims she regularly speaks with the Master of Ravens and has full control of her Beast, only letting it out at will. She is One, and she has no need of Camarilla, Sabbat, Beckoning, or Jyhad. She merely needs you to trust her.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Pyramid: As with most upper-echelon members of The One True Way, Miss Fitzsimmons needs recruits to assist her with bringing other Kindred to enlightenment as much as with posting letters and sending emails. She's always found the last one tricky.
ò A Beast I Am: She claims to keep her primal urges under wraps for as long as she needs to, and it's been a long time. If some local Kindred don't join her, she may let loose in a crowded place, leaving a trail of broken bodies and blurred images leading right to their door.
ò The Long Con: For some time now, she's been planning to hand select a lucky group of mortals for a retreat at her spa. It wouldn't be just for feeding purposes; she's interested in recruiting at least one upper-level member of mortal society to spread The One True Way to the mortal masses - a version of it, at least.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Elysian Elms Healing Arts (Haven 4) Miss Fitzsimmons lives and works in a lovely spa atmosphere, set among the trees out past Vancouver's suburbs. It's staffed by her many retainers and supposedly funded by the Master of Ravens. Her office is designed with her lingering Victorian aesthetic of leather-bound books and a vast wooden desk, but of course the fire is fake. Though some rooms are taken by her staff, the rest are full of literature, promotional material, and plans for the future. 
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Coralyn Sheppard (Retainers 2) Coralyn is Miss Fitzsimmons' personal ghoul. She makes the important phone calls, deals with email, and makes sure the retreat's social media is on point, full of the happy faces of the staff and "guests" at all times. She awaits the day when her master and occasional lover brings her fully into The One True Way.
ò Elysian Elms Staff (Allies 3, Herd 3, Resources 3, 
Retainers 4) Everyone who lives and works at Elysian Elms is thoroughly indoctrinated into...something. Though she doesn't share all the Kindred-specific portions of her plans with everyone, they believe she's leading them toward a brighter future via the path of strict personal discipline. She chooses her retainers with the criteria of physical beauty and a willingness to be led, and they come from all ethnicities and walks of life.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Clan Lasombra (Distant) Miss Fitzsimmons heard the rumblings of her clan joining the Camarilla, possibly necessitating a cull, but she believes she's removed from all of it, having not seen her sire in decades. She's not sure if the snap she felt awhile back was a bond severing or merely another step toward enlightenment, but she prefers to believe the latter.
ò Kiani Cerulean (Friendly) Kiani is a fledgling Toreador who runs a fitness and lifestyle blog and follows Elysian Elms' social media. She plans to visit soon; Miss Fitzsimmons may end up with another vampiric partner if all goes well.
WHISPERS: 
ò Heretic: It's said she doesn't actually believe in Golconda, and is just in this for the money, retainers, and power. This may be true, but it worked for her in life, so why not in death?
ò Master of Ravens: Some claim Miss Fitzsimmons is the actual Master of Ravens, having either usurped or diablerized the original. Others still say there wasn't an original, and she orchestrated the whole cult herself. If so, she's cunning, smarter than she seems, and lucky as hell. 
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Miss Fitzsimmons is a long-limbed, slender woman with pale skin and ink-dark eyes. Her icy-blond hair is usually pulled back neatly into a tight bun, and she's eschewed corsets for tailored, flowing pantsuits with chunky jewelry. Fashionable eyeglasses sit on her straight, narrow nose, and she radiates cold severity.
ò As she's rarely around mortals who aren't part of her plans, Miss Fitzsimmons has only grown harder and more precise in her speech and mannerisms over time. She blinks only as punctuation, and issues orders rather than making requests. The only subject that rouses her passion publicly is Golconda.
ò Her mortal identity is Patricia Fitzsimmons, who runs a high-end detox and meditative-retreat facility for corporate clients. Any mortals who try to book with her find the facility full for the next two years, and usually don't waste time with the waitlist (Mask 2). sire: Walter Ranier
ambition: To achieve Golconda, or at least make everyone believe she has
Convictions: Punish transgressions touchstones: None humanity: 2 Generation: 11th
Blood Potency: 3
attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Composure 3; Intelligence 
3, Wits 2, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 5, Willpower 6 skills: Craft 1, Larceny 1, Stealth 2; Etiquette 3, Insight 3, Intimidation (Headmistress) 4, Leadership 
2, Persuasion 3, Subterfuge 1; Academics (Scholarly Learning) 3, Awareness 2, Finance 1, Investigation 2 disciplines: Dominate 3, Oblivion 1, Potence 1 General difficulties: 6/4
DEREK JACOBSON
Epitaph: From Rags to Riots
Quote: "You leave me no choice."
Clan: Brujah
Embraced: 1816 (Born 1771)
MORTAL DAYS: THE SIMPLE LIFE
   Like most rural folk in the late 18th century, Derek grew up in the shadow of his local lord's manor. Surrounded by the English countryside's misty hills, he worked the land, enjoyed the occasional ale at the local public house, and raised his growing family. From his teenage years on, he made semi-regular trips to London alongside local tradesmen as a hired tough. Though he was a gentle, kind man, he was tall even by today's standards, and possessed a substantial breadth of shoulder and chest. He gained local reputation as the best person for intimidation duty, as fights so rarely even began with him around - all he ever had to do was look down at the offending party, arms crossed. 
    Derek always preferred to avoid physical conflict whenever possible, as his father used to beat him, at least until finally Derek was large enough to catch his father's arm mid-swing. The scars from encounters with his parents admittedly helped in his bodyguard duties, though he hated those lines across his face. 
    His life trudged along for his first four decades of mortality in a reliable pattern: plant, harvest, two weeks to London and back, plant, harvest, repeat. Sprinkled throughout were family troubles and celebrations, village festivals and hard winters, but for Derek, it all blurs together. 
    Everything changed in 1816, in the year known as the "year without a summer," when a far-off volcano erupted and turned the rural Englishman's life upside-down. All across the globe, crops failed, and famine erupted as temperatures plummeted. Derek set off to London, leaving his starving family behind. In the city, his small group attempted to secure stores of grain and other food to no avail. As riots broke out across the city, Derek was separated from his comrades and swept up into a crowd of scared, hungry Londoners.
    Driven by fear rather than righteousness, Derek found himself bellowing at the doors of a grain storehouse in one of the poorer parts of London. He demanded food for his wife and their three girls, pleading he'd come all this way for nothing. When local constables finally showed up to subdue the rioters, he fought several off with only his farmhand strength before one clubbed him and left him bleeding in an alley, alone. But someone was watching from the shadows, intrigued by the passion and rage.
KINDRED NIGHTS:  
EMBRACING THE MONSTER WITHIN
    Derek's sire, an activist Brujah named Faye, saw only the fire inside him. She saw his rage, his size, and his dogged demands for the constables - for anyone - to do what was right. She had no way of knowing how out of character that was for him. After nightfall, she dragged him to her haven, Embraced him, and waited. 
   When he awoke, she thought she had a new convert to the cause. They both wanted to protect the people of London, even though for the older Brujah it was primarily so the herd wouldn't die out. She didn't fully anticipate the raw horror he experienced at being told he couldn't go back to his family, and see his grandchildren grow up. He turned on her, ripping her apart with his vitae-enhanced strength, and fed for the first time. Afterward, he lived as an undead vagrant, hiding in covered alleys and coal holes during the day, dragging prey into tiny, dark spaces when it came time to feed. He worked odd night jobs and sent the money anonymously to his family, never knowing they starved to death in the year of his Embrace. For years, he stayed mostly off the radar of London's other Kindred. Those who did know about him thought him some harmless, broken thing who ate rats and cried bloody tears over his lost mortal family. Eventually, though, something snapped. All the pent-up anger he let out at his sire bubbled back up, and when he saw a man dragging a child into a workhouse against their will, he rose to his full height for the first time in decades, scaring off the would-be kidnapper.
    Afterwards, he became a defender of women, children, and the impoverished, letting out his rage on those who deserved it, until he fell to torpor sometime in the late 19th century. He awoke in a long-abandoned section of London's sewer system about five years ago, to a world in chaos he didn't recognize. A local Mithraic cultist discovered him and, upon hearing the circumstances of his Embrace - the diablerie tactfully omitted, Derek maintains his sire abandoned him and he never knew her name - took Derek under his wing, promising to show him what vampiric society was like when one had a family. 
    Derek left London as part of the cult's exodus, and is now a third-step adherent of the Mithraic Mysteries. He isn't sure how much he genuinely believes, but he's an excellent brute-strength enforcer, and feels better about the killing if he can absolve himself of it in Mithras' name. He might even feel a little too good about killing those the cult deems threats or weaklings these days, the long torpor being exactly what he needed to shed some of his guilt and humanity. He grows more monstrous by the day, committing atrocities as ordered.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Cull the Herd: Derek takes his job protecting the newborns and the pregnant a bit too seriously, sometimes brutally taking out men who so much as raise their voice at one of his "charges." All in Mithras' name, of course.
ò Vigilante Actions: Though Derek does his duty when people are looking, away from the eyes of the cult Pater, he has been known to exact his justice on anyone he deems needs it, and he's on a hair trigger nowadays. If asked, he simply replies in his still-gentle country accent the offender "insulted Mithras' name."
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Stone Cell (Haven 3, Resources 1) Just as he never had much in life, Derek requires little in death. Because of his sheer size, the Mithraists installed him in a small, monk-like stone cell just inside the front door of the cult Pater's haven. There, he's available when needed to answer the cult's call.
ò Lowlifes (Herd 1) Derek only feeds off those he or the Mithraists consider "bad people," though the definition becomes broader as his Humanity falls.

ò Mithraic Enforcers (Allies 3) Derek is as close to a captain as the Mithraic foot-soldier types have. They listen to him regarding who needs to be toughened up or taught a lesson, even if it's one of their own. As such, he's also given a wide berth if he needs to go off on his own business.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Georg (Brother) Georg is the clanless Kindred who found Derek in the sewer five years back. Under his mentorship, Derek finally found a new family to replace the one his sire stole. Georg is of more scholarly bent than Derek, but the two still find time to meet and discuss their journeys under Mithras' gaze.
ò Rose and Noelle (Obedience) Derek was never much of a forward or individualistic thinker in life, and while his philosophies concerning judgement are set in stone, for all other orders he's happy to defer to the Mithraic hierarchy. Rose and Noelle each act as the Mithraists responsible for pushing Derek's considerable might in a given direction.
WHISPERS: 
ò Secret Mithras: Some say Derek is a direct descendent of Mithras, and his humble background is invented so he may walk among them, testing them. When he reveals himself, all will tremble before his might.

ChildrEn OF thE BlOOd
THE FORMULA
You're in a terrible relationship. You lose your job. You can't pay your bills. All your friends are abandoning you for someone with fewer problems. You get through a bottle of wine a night to take the edge off. That wine becomes spirits as you find vodka goes further for less money. You thought moving away from your family was a good idea way back when, but you can't go back to them now. Not while you're like this. You're in the gully, but you'll climb out. Your luck will return some day.
But it doesn't. You're on the streets. You went from drinking to snorting to injecting. You think with all your credit cards maxed out and loans unpaid, your name's probably with some cops somewhere for fraud, or non-payment of taxes, or who knows what. You're alone. The climb is even steeper now and it looks impossible, at least until a person with a warm smile, gentle words, and an extended hand offers you a way out. You never believed in religion before this, but maybe it's a lifeline, or at least a church-run shelter is a place to rest your head while you get back on your feet. If all you need to do is pass out wafers and sing hymns, it's a small price to pay.
Religion can indeed be salvation to someone at their lowest ebb. In the cases of some cults, it's a method of control. Sometimes it's a combination of both, providing order and ritual to a life without meaning, and comfort and understanding to a tormented soul. Many of the characters in this book go through the formula of sinking to their lowest before they'll ever consider a destiny involving belief, but it's rarely the belief that draws them: it's the promise of companionship, the security of an institution that offers aid, and the generosity of those who offer a way out. It should come as no surprise that vampires in cults are commonly those who received unsanctioned Embraces, or were abandoned by their sire, who were betrayed by their sects, or found their lives, appearances, or philosophies rebuked by others. 
The formula dictates that when anyone - vampire or mortal - is at their most vulnerable, they are infinitely more inclined to lean on religion for support. Cults depend on this vulnerability to fill their ranks, and perversely, they tend to get so far into the heads of their initiates, that those new believers never realize they've been played, and will fight tooth and nail against anyone who tells them they were manipulated. There is greater zeal in a convert than 

someone who joins a religion with eyes wide open. 
ò Scars Tell Stories: Derek has a lot of scars from his mortal days. Based on when he remembers falling into torpor and his intimidating stature, there are whispers he could be the infamous Ripper, and he's protecting women and innocents now as penance or to throw people off his scent. 
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Derek stands well over six feet tall, and has a muscled physique, but is a bit soft around the midsection. People in his day weren't really the bodybuilding type. He's naturally bald and has old scars and burns from his mortal days, mostly on his arms and back, though a misshapen cheekbone and permanent buckle scar in his forehead remind him of his father's 
"compassion."
ò He wears simple, modern clothes to blend in as best he can: usually some combination of hoodie, jeans, and sneakers. He will, however, dress up for any rites he needs to, as much as he may roll his eyes at ritual garb in private.
ò He still goes by his original name, as there is no one living to recognize him. The Mithraists have provided 
him both ID and an address that hold up, so for now in public he's Derek Jacobson, laborer, born 1973. (Mask 1)
sire: Faye Renfrew ambition: Stamp out the weak, the craven, and those who prey on innocents
Convictions: Protect the Mithraists and innocents at all costs
touchstones: Agnes McClees - A young mother who reminds him of his dead wife humanity: 5
Generation: 12th (through diablerie) Blood Potency: 3 attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4; Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Composure 2; Intelligence 
2, Wits 3, Resolve 4 secondary attributes: Health 7, Willpower 6 skills: Athletics 2, Brawl (Bare-Knuckle) 4, Larceny 1, Melee (Knives) 2, Stealth 1, Survival 3; Animal 
Ken 1, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 1; Awareness 2, 
Investigation 2
disciplines: Celerity 1, Potence 3, Presence 2 General difficulties: 6/4
GRACE BOATENG
Epitaph: World Peace Under Our Rule Quote: "Too many fight for peace, rather than actually achieving it."
Clan: Brujah (Osebo)
Embraced: 1796 (Born 1771)
MORTAL DAYS: OUT OF AFRICA
    The woman known in modern nights as Grace Boateng a daughter of an Asantehene of the Ashanti Empire at its height, and so she would have remained if not for the presence of European merchants on their shores. The customs of these overdressed men were exotic and strange to her, the idea of an entire world outside of the borders of their vast lands was intoxicating.
    Grace found herself increasingly drawn to the coastal fortresses and trading posts of the foreigners. She admired their odd goods, clothing and weapons and longed to explore their world. However, such opportunities were non-existent for the daughter of an Asantehene and those taken away on the Europeans' massive warships never went happily. She consigned herself to eternal boredom, forever knowing of a world outside but never experiencing it. She prayed each night for deliverance from that life.
   Her wish was granted when she caught the eye of the expedition leader from Portugal who had come to trade with her father. Their party arrived in the night, which was unusual for foreigners travelling the dangerous roads. He spoke to her in her own tongue, offering her a chance at education and discovery abroad. Grace jumped at the chance and accompanied them back to the coast in secret. It was soon after their arrival in Portugal she discovered her true purpose was to educate the Kindred who had abducted her. She was stripped of her will by the darkeyed foreigner and questioned on her people's defenses, capabilities, and the locations of their settlements.
    On the fifth night of her captivity, she was awakened by a commotion. A privateer named Captain Alonso Salazar had come to free her from her captor. She fell in love with her rescuer and his free-spirited nature. He kept her close and she learned to communicate in the languages of the lands they visited. Salazar offered her a place by his side as an officer and she accepted, becoming part of his eternal crew as she fell to his fangs and her blood stained the deck.
KINDRED NIGHTS: THE AMERICAN DREAM
    She was given the name of "Grace" as it was by the grace of God that she had been found, when the raid was only intended to empty the vaults of the Portuguese Ventrue who took her. Salazar offered her a chance at true freedom from nations and states. She discovered that the wealth they stole from the vaults of her captors funded their operations so far, but now more was required. They set their eyes on the waters off the war-torn American colonies. The King of Spain offered letters of marque and pay to free captains who harassed British shipping and troop movements and Salazar was of a mind to accept.
    At first, Grace went along with the scheme, but she found she had no taste for piracy. They were simply fighting to take what other men had taken already. Once they had it, they frittered it away on gourmet food, booze, and more powder and ammunition. Grace wanted more, she wanted to end the scourge of war.
    The leaders of the American Revolution spoke in the language of freedom and universal friendship among all peoples. She abandoned her sire, leaving behind little more than a letter explaining her actions. Sadly, she found the reality of her new home was quite different from the rhetoric of its leadership.
   America wasn't then, and isn't now, a place kind to individuals of Grace's race or gender. However, as one of the earliest generations of Kindred to arrive in post-American Revolution society, she was in with the bricks. Opportunity was ripe for a resourceful and determined Kindred prepared to remove the stagnant leadership of the past. Grace tied herself to various causes, always seeking to improve lives with her actions, though being a monster, such attempts often found tragedy and bloodshed. As the world moved on, she became embittered at the pace of change. What she sought more than anything was a strong leader who could make the progress she felt the world needed, and that is when she was approached by a vampire named Sejanus, at that time calling himself "Marcus Vitel."
    He offered her a place as the shadow leader of several charitable enterprises he operated with eyes and ears around the world, including her native land. Grace took the surname Boateng in honor of her heritage and began working for the ancient Lasombra, attempting to pacify large Kindred conflicts in Sejanus' name, while using front companies that seek to offer aid in the midst of humanitarian crises. She remains loyal to him to this night and is one of his staunchest supporters, aiming to improve the lot of disenfranchised Kindred while simultaneously destroying the enemies of Sejanus, the Lasombra Emperor of D.C. She may not agree with his actions at every turn, but she feels that he's the one Kindred who can unite the warring factions of the world under his banner. His history speaks for itself. The foolish and power hungry have attempted to forestall his ascension for too long.
    Sejanus can bring the peace she seeks. He must. He will.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò End Conflict: Grace seeks nothing less than the end of war, including the Sabbat Crusade and the Jyhad itself. She believes a world where all are united under one strong ruler is possible. She believes Sejanus to be that ruler.
ò The Aquila and Key: Grace manages many of the charitable funds that Sejanus operates, including those to his Aquila and Key society. She regularly attends the group's functions and gives rousing orations on the need for a strong order to topple internecine strife.
ò Nautical Nightmares: Grace has trawled every source she can for news of her sire and can find no clue to indicate if he met final death. She fears his return to reclaim or destroy her.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Capitol Hill Townhouse (Haven 4) Grace owns a four-story townhouse on Capitol Hill, as close to the action as she can be. This position affords her the ability to invite her clients and donors around for evening drinks and meetings without having to travel or arrange other accommodation.
ò Capitol Hill Apartment (Haven 3) Grace's private haven is a compact apartment with a view of her townhouse. She uses it to monitor the comings and goings of her official residence and keep an eye out for any spies or intruders.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Alvin Garrison (Contacts 3, Retainer 2) Alvin went straight from college to a job in the staff of an upand-coming congressperson. Grace poached him on the recommendation of one of her retiring contacts on the hill. He serves as her eyes and ears within the corridors of powers.
ò Frederick Colton (Allies 2, Retainer 3) "Big Freddy C" was a feared name on the streets of D.C. before Grace approached him. He now serves as her unofficial security along with several of his former "associates" from the old neighborhood. He always says the work is similar, but the pay is much better.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Lucius Sejanus (Hope) Grace believes that a strong figure is needed to bring the warring states of the world into line. She strongly believes Sejanus is that figure. He has opened the gates of D.C. to Kindred of all sects, so long as they promise to keep his peace. Grace wishes to extend that amnesty to all corners of the globe. If it means that some Kindred must be put down, so be it.
ò Vykos (Pure Hatred) The former Sabbat poster-child is nothing more than a reactionary and warmonger. Grace wants nothing more than to wipe Vykos and the Sabbat Crusade off the face of the Earth.
ò Alonso Salazar (Terror) Grace lives in perpetual fear of her sire. She dares not speak his name in open court out of fear he may answer the summons. She not only worries what he may do to her for abandoning him, she fears he will expose her for the blithe, uncaring pirate she once was. It's unlikely hardened Kindred would care, but she would. She wants to leave her past behind her.
WHISPERS: 
ò Paranoid: Many at court remark upon Grace's strange behavior. For the most part, she has a friendly demeanor, but she can also become nervous, paranoid, and unpredictable at the drop of a hat.
ò Autarkis: Many Brujah question why she didn't follow Theo Bell's Brujah army into the Anarch cause. 
Grace holds her tongue on such talk, allowing others to wag their own, to no effect.
ò Ship Shape: Grace exhibits a knowledge of seamanship and a great interest in nautical paraphernalia. She has expressed a desire to purchase and restore a ship from the age of sail.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Grace is a tall, powerfully built woman with broad shoulders she accentuates by wearing full-shouldered suits with a shirt, collar, and tie. While her demeanor can be severe and appraising, she has a warm smile and is always first to extend a friendly greeting and hand when introduced.
ò Sejanus has arranged false documentation for Grace and ensured that any trace of her previous dealings in the country remain in databases he can control. As far as the official record is concerned, Grace was born, raised, and educated in Ghana and has "made it" in America. (Mask 2)
ò Grace wears a wooden headband carved in a distinctive tribal pattern. She refuses to let anyone else touch it.
sire: Alonso Salazar ambition: An end to the Jyhad Convictions: Always find a resolution to conflict touchstones: Alvin Garrison, political advisor and ascending politician, firmly in the court of global pacifism
humanity: 6 Generation: 9th Blood Potency: 4 attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Composure 5; Intelligence 
4, Wits 2, Resolve 5 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 10 skills: Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Craft (Woodwork) 3, Drive (Sailing) 3, Melee 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2; 
Etiquette 3, Insight 2, Intimidation 2, Leadership 4, 
Persuasion 3, Subterfuge 1; Academics (Linguistics) 2, Awareness 3, Politics (American Politics, The Eternal Struggle) 3, Technology 3 disciplines: Celerity 4, Dominate 1, Oblivion 1, Potence 1, Presence 4
General difficulties: 7/4
EUAN DUNSIRN
Epitaph: 1444 Chamber Member Quote: "So you see, your enemies were my friends all along." Clan: Hecata (Dunsirn)
Embraced: 1775 (Born 1751)
MORTAL DAYS: TO THE MANOR BORN
    Euan was born in a privileged position, his entire family deeply embedded in trade and lending. His grandfather, Archibald I, was the sole owner of the family's private bank and main source of their fortune. "Big Archie," as he was known, had drawn the eyes of wealthy Italian merchants who helped their family expand from a big national fish to a global power, all controlled from the family estate near Stirling, Scotland.
    Euan received instruction from his parents, uncles, and grandfather, all on matters of the commerce, which he performed dutifully. When he came of age, he was sent to entreat with potential clients and business partners all over the UK. He was particularly adept at wooing the old, widowed gentry who so enjoyed visits from the handsome and genial youth.
    His true introduction to "the family business," however, came on his 21st birthday. Euan was called to a meal with the heads of the household and a lavish spread was prepared. Before the meal, he was invited to participate in an old family ritual, he was given a goblet of a foul-smelling red ichor and asked to drain every drop. Dutifully, he did so, becoming the "proxy kissed" servant of his grandfather - the term the Hecata use for the blood bond. The fact that the meats on offer were from slaughtered servants was water off his back with his grandfather's vitae holding sway over him.
   From then on, he learned the truth behind his family. He learned of the machinations of the Famiglia Giovanni and the Dunsirn position as newcomers to their fold. To that end, he was instructed to carry out dozens of tasks of varying morbidity: escort a visiting Nagaraja here, infiltrate a mortal cult there, all the way through to hunting down one of what was believed to be an extant Cappadocian, in Glasgow. He performed his roles diligently while retaining his extended mortality, his addiction to the Dunsirn vitae growing as his fascination with politicking and the dark arts deepened.
    As a mortal, self-interest had no governance over Euan's spirit. He supplied every uncovered mystery, every unpleasant secret, to the Giovanni in Venice. Eventually, with his loyalty and proficiencies proven, the Venetians gave Archibald Dunsirn the permission to Embrace the ghoul Euan.
KINDRED NIGHTS: FROM PROXY TO POWER
    Euan was sent to London as the family's envoy to Mithras' court. It was there he first encountered Roger de Camden, who he would correspond with into modern nights. In this new role, he brought several important enterprises into the family's grasp and consolidated them within an umbrella corporation the family utilizes to this day.
   From London, his role as emissary took him around the globe, gathering necromantic lore and secrets to be sent on to Venice. Eventually, he earned a placement in Boston, working with the fledgling Milliner family. For the first time, away from his relatives, he was able to find his own path and immerse himself fully in the study of the lore he had gathered at the request of his superiors. It was while there that he produced innovations in necromancy surpassing his kin, elevating him to prominence within the clan. The Venetians named him "the Capable Scot." Several among the clan Anziani - the Hecata elders - were interested in making him their pawn with offers of new insight. Ever the diplomat, he gleaned what he could from each until finally settling on Aurelio Rossellini.
    His time as protÚgÚ to the ancient Genoan was short but profitable. When Aurelio was discovered selling family secrets to another clan, the Anziani offered Euan the right to perform the final sanction of diablerie upon him and take his seat on the clan council as reward. The two sailed out into the Adriatic and only Euan returned from the trip, though he gained some of his former Mawla's affectations and mannerisms.
    The act of diablerie and his admission to the Mausoleum of Venice enhanced his skills and knowledge of Oblivion. He became aloof from his family, save Ranald who he continued to promote and support from the shadows.
    His endorsement and support of the Hecata "revolution," when his loyalty to the family that made him turned purely to self-elevation, turned out to be an excellent choice and placed him as one of the leading political forces in the renewed Clan of Death, as well as one of the foremost necromancers in the world. With his connections to Kindred around the globe, he was appointed to the 1444 Chamber and tasked with bringing any lost sheep into the fold.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Mother Reborn: Euan worships Oblivion in all its forms and gaining knowledge of ancient rituals or practices is his key drive. Using this power, he hopes to one day either raise his mother to life anew or merely ensure her passage into "heaven."
ò Patricidal Maniac: His father is an uncouth and ill-tempered monster with little use in the modern Clan of Death. Euan secretly longs for the day when he can devour his soul as he did Aurelio's.
ò One Banner: Gathering the disparate Kindred of the clans of Cappadocius under the Hecata standard is Euan's official goal. He's pursuing this aim by targeting a splinter group known as the Malandanti.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò The Mausoleum (Haven 5) As an Anziani, Euan officially resides in the Mausoleum of Venice with the other councilors.
ò Synergy International (Allies 4, Contacts 3, Influence 5, Resources 5) Euan is the shadow head of this multinational conglomerate, which he controls through one of his ghouls and several placemen.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Ariadne Quinn (Allies 2) An environmental activist and scientist from Boston. Ari develops technologies to clean plastic from the oceans. Euan sees her as one of the few truly "good" people he has ever met and hopes that her soul can show him the way to "heaven," even if it means keeping her alive for an unnaturally long time to make her show him the path.
ò Gerald Fields (Retainers 2) Gerry was an automobile expert and mechanic from Glasgow with dubious connections. He's since taken a position as one of the Mausoleum's mortal security, and is the man Euan turns to when dirty work needs doing.
ò Adam Wright (Retainers 3) The CEO of Synergy International and Euan's ghoul. Such a high-profile businessperson always has an entourage and security following him, allowing Euan to travel freely beneath this guise.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Ranald Dunsirn (Caregiver) Uncle Ranald is the only member of the family for whom Euan holds any affection. He believes he's cut from a different cloth from his father and grandfather.
ò Roger de Camden (Correspondent) Euan maintains correspondence with the newly minted Prince of Edinburgh, spreading the rumor that he's responsible for sheltering the elder Cappadocian, something de Camden himself denies.
WHISPERS: 
ò Eradicate Maladanti: Clan unity is one of Euan's goals and he's working with his web of contacts to locate the vampire known as Enrica and destroy her and her followers.
ò Supreme Necromancer: Euan's knowledge of Oblivion and associated rituals from across many lores around the world is encyclopedic. He only imparts this knowledge to his favored disciples.
ò Family Catspaw: While holding a lofty position, many whisper that he's little more than a tool of his grandfather, a man whose Embrace was sanctioned by Augustus and carried out by the very elders the Hecata have purged.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Euan has the features of a handsome man, though his pale skin is scourged with black veins. He has light blue eyes, a tangle of wavy, brown hair that falls to either side of his face and a thin, neatly trimmed beard. He's usually seen wearing suits as per his Mask, but in conclave in Venice he wears gold trimmed, black robes of state, denoting his rank of Anziani.
ò Euan travels under the alias of Anthony Lynch, a security guard in Adam Wright's detail. Records of his historical existence have been expunged. (Mask 2, Zeroed)
ò Euan carries a golf club which he uses as a makeshift cane. It is the fetter of a former associate of his father's who Euan believes has inside knowledge of how to get to him. sire: Archibald Dunsirn I ambition: Unite the Hecata
Convictions: Allow nobody to stand in the way of my discovering a path to heaven
touchstones: Ariadne Quinn, Environmental Scientist.
humanity: 3
Generation: 7th (through diablerie) Blood Potency: 5
attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3; Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Composure 3; Intelligence 
4, Wits 5, Resolve 4 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 7 skills: Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Larceny 2, Melee 2, Stealth 2; Etiquette 4, Insight (Liars) 4, Intimidation 3, 
Leadership 4, Persuasion (Bargaining) 5, Subterfuge 
4; Academics (Commerce) 2, Awareness 1, Finance 
3, Investigation 2, Medicine 2, Occult (Oblivion) 5, 
Politics 3
disciplines: Dominate 3, Oblivion 5, Potence 4 General difficulties: 7/5
AKAWA
Epitaph: The Turncoat
Quote: "I've seen the cost of freedom, and it's just not worth the volume of blood and bodies."
Clan: Brujah
Embraced: 1770 (Born 1764)
MORTAL DAYS: THE HARD BUT HAPPY LIFE
   Akawa was born into the Native American Ni·achi tribe of the Great Lakes region, known to some as the Missouria. His youth was a time of boundless joy. His family fostered his great love of riding and hunting, singing and storytelling. He was an intensely popular boy with the girls, often charming them into going on long walks along the riverside, and became known as something of a romantic among his fellow hunters.
    There were, of course, challenges too. By the time Akawa came of age, his tribe had been decimated by the neighboring Sauk and Fox tribes, forcing many to abandon their traditional lands and merge with the Otoe, Osage, and Kansa. His family, and the families of his closest partners remained Ni·achi, but it wasn't long before the French, with whom they had strained trade deals, took extreme advantage and left them close to starving and vulnerable to further attacks from their neighbors. 
    Akawa felt the loss of his friends, and threw himself into the life of a warrior, dropping his hunting equipment for a costly Charleville musket. He'd only just been initiated when his family encampment fell prey to a raid, but the attackers weren't the Sauk or Fox, nor were they the French, but a vampire and his coterie. 
   A Brujah named Edward Scott chose this family of the Missouria to prey upon as he made his way across America. He thought their weakened state would make them easy prey for he and his fellow Kindred. Instead, they found Akawa harassing and hounding them, firing off shots with his musket and waking the rest of the local tribesfolk. Scott's intended feeding was disrupted, but he admired the young man's vigor and realized the odds were suddenly against him, forcing a retreat into the dark.
    Akawa remained alert for nights on end, anticipating a further attack. Instead, Scott stalked him, and Akawa stalked Scott. The two played with each other, though the process was only fun for the Brujah. Akawa was bold to hunt the vampire, but had no clue as to the monster's nature or what powers he might possess.
    When Akawa finally got the drop on Scott, he didn't find the vampire as he expected him. The Brujah's coterie-mates had grown tired of their time in his company, cut out his Achilles tendons with a hot blade, robbed him of his belongings, and headed to the city of Genevieve. Akawa had the option of killing the monster, but instead the two attempted communication. As Scott drew symbols in the dirt, attempting to convey his nature, Akawa drew closer. Injured and hungry, Scott's Beast overtook him, and clutching Akawa's wrist he drank from the Ni·achi warrior. Akawa fought back, blasting Edward 
Scott in the torso with his musket. This only enraged the Brujah, who ripped into Akawa and left him bleeding to death. 
    Scott's Beast was sated, and his wounds healed. As he prepared to leave, a pang of conscience brought him back to the man who'd spared him, and he fed a dose of vitae to Akawa. Scott then fled.
KINDRED NIGHTS: FROM ANARCH TO ANUBI
    Akawa remained with his tribe for a brief time, but his vampiric nature forced him to part ways with his people. He cried tears of blood as he bid his mother and father, his girlfriends, and companions since birth a firm goodbye, knowing he could never return and risk harming them.
    Akawa did as many of his people had and made his way to the white cities. He occasionally came into conflict with Lupines, who he knew to avoid after the first encounter almost ended his existence, but found no trace of creatures like himself or his absent sire. Akawa was no fool: he knew there must be others like him, but they're ability to hide, whether in the wilds or in the frontier towns, was prestigious indeed. Akawa fed from animals where possible, the blood of the kine not appealing to him for a long time. It was only with age that he was forced to drink from human necks and around the same time he started, he found himself in a society of Kindred, in the domain of Milwaukee.
    Akawa's first instinct was to strike out at the vampires around him. He had no desire to be like the monster that made him or play puppet master to ignorant mortals. Yet, he understood that doing so would be suicidal without a family of warriors to call his own. He found an organization of largely French and native vampires in Milwaukee who likewise appeared to detest the predators in charge, and with them he formed his first coteries, unknowingly practicing the schemes of the Anarch Movement in America through attacks on Camarilla strongholds, assassinations of elders, and the rejection of ancient - and to Akawa's mind, insultingly irrelevant - vampire laws.
    All the way through to the end of the 20th century, Akawa fought on the Anarch side, adapting with the times as his own people folded into one tribe, then another, and eventually, he lost all trace of his ancestry. He turned this sense of isolation into a passion to strike further against the Camarilla, nearly decapitated the former Prince of Milwaukee, Merik of Clan Ventrue, in an ambitious attack. Akawa believed in the Movement as a philosophy and reason for being. He was a warrior, and his war wouldn't end until the Camarilla died.
   It therefore came as a shock to many Brujah when he abandoned the Anarchs at the start of the 21st century, joining forces with the new Prince, Mark Decker of Clan Gangrel. Age had slowly jaded Akawa, and he concluded that the Camarilla weren't the enemy he'd been led to believe: the Sabbat were the scourge on America, and the Lupines were the predators picking off vampires just as vampires pick off mortals. His shift in allegiance wasn't an easy one, but in all his time fighting, he'd lost over 40 coterie-mates to wights, Lupines, and vampires far more ancient than he. It was time to take over Decker's Anubi coterie, and dedicate his existence to defending Milwaukee's Kindred and kine from all outsiders who would seek to harm them.
    Akawa's commonly seen among Anarchs as one of the worst turncoats. Many had heard his speeches and stories about Anarch victories and celebrated his triumphs over decadent elders. Now, they believe he's sold himself to the Man and seems to have no regrets about doing so. He hunts people on Prince Decker's behalf, apparently finding some twisted faith in the tyrant Prince.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES:
ò Set an Example: The Anubi were prone to excessive violence and chaotic behavior before his joining them, but now they're an elite guard in vampiric terms, and much of that is down to Akawa's strategies and command. Since Decker took praxis, Akawa's taken the reins over the Anubi coterie and believes all sizeable domains should have such a well-trained coterie. He's offering aid to other Princes and influential Kindred in forming similar coteries for their cities.
ò Defense is the New Offense: Akawa sees the next great predator as the kine, in what occurs to him as a delightful irony. Fighting in the streets, hunting down Lupine packs, and the use of any kind of heavy ordinance are no longer acceptable measures. Akawa instills in all his followers the belief that one's domain is one's territory, and it's up to the Kindred to know their territory intimately so any attack from outside from the kine can be repelled, with all undead presence scrubbed from mortal scrutiny.
ò Destroy Prince Decker: Akawa's yet to share this, but no, he didn't abandon the Anarch Movement, he just saw them as too disorganized to be effective. He fell in with Decker when he took charge and believes in straightening out the domain, but once it's secure, he intends to murder Decker and hand it over to a strengthened Anarch Movement.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò The City of Milwaukee (Allies 3, Contacts 3, Haven 
1, Resources 2, Status 3) Akawa has no fixed haven, 
but knows Milwaukee as if he built the city himself. If there's a secret cellar, a hidden alleyway, or a tunnel network underneath part of the city, he knows about it. He's been around long enough that he's befriended numerous city workers, especially among planners and maintenance crews, as they know the kinds of information Akawa wants.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Blooded Brothers Biker Gang (Allies 3, Retainers 3) Akawa was once a member of an Anarch coterie named "the Blood Brothers." It disbanded over two decades ago, but Akawa has fond memories of them and formed a mortal biker gang using a named descended from the original. Akawa uses the Blooded Brothers as the mortal arm of the Anubi, without their possessing knowledge of their purpose.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Mark Decker (Seething Hatred) Akawa hates everything the tyrant Prince stands for. The only thing respectable about the Gangrel is his strength. Akawa eagerly anticipates the day he can murder this Prince.
ò Sir Edward Scott (Coward) Akawa came to learn 
Edward Scott was his sire after the Brujah became Primogen for his clan in Milwaukee. Scott claims to not remember Akawa, who spat blood into Scott's eye for saying so. Akawa believes his sire is afraid of him, and suspect that's why he's disappeared from Milwaukee.
ò Anastasia (Respect) Anastasia is one of very few Milwaukee Kindred who Akawa appreciates for her mercy. He dislikes Decker's influence over her, but doesn't feel he can intervene without exposing his true agenda, and he doesn't trust Anastasia enough to bring her into the Anarch fold.
WHISPERS:
ò The Hunted: Akawa has earned sufficient ire from the Anarchs to warrant their sending hunters after him. There's a high price on his head and he's been forced to kill at least two assassins.
ò Lupine Hides: Akawa is the finest Lupine hunter among all American Kindred, and maintains a lodge lined with werewolf pelts.
ò Upcoming Purge: Akawa's learned of an upcoming purge proposed within the Camarilla of all Brujah, in case they're traitors or spies. He's going to take the head of the Prince who suggested this action.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Akawa's mortal persona is as a biker named James Head, who lives largely off the grid. He has no interest in mortal businesses and rarely engages in kine concerns that might draw inquisitorial eyes. (Mask 2) 
ò Akawa is a Native American of Great Lakes extraction. His face is thin and dark, his body tall, muscled, and covered with scars earned during his mortal days as a hunter. He prefers the form of a gray wolf when scouting beyond Milwaukee. When he speaks, which is seldom, it's in a deep voice and with emphatic statements. He has little time for politicking or ranting.
sire: Sir Edward Scott
ambition: Strengthen Milwaukee's defense against Lupines Convictions: None touchstones: None humanity: 3 Generation: 8th
Blood Potency: 4
attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4; Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Composure 4; Intelligence 
3, Wits 3, Resolve 2 secondary attributes: Health 7, Willpower 6 skills: Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Firearms (Muskets, Rifles) 3, Larceny 3, Melee 4, Stealth 5, Survival (Hunting) 4; Animal Ken 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1; Awareness 4, Investigation 1, Occult 1, Politics 2 disciplines: Celerity 4, Fortitude 2, Potence 2, Presence 2, Protean 4 General difficulties: 7/5
DAI QINGZHAO
Epitaph: Way Seeker
Quote: "If life is a path, are we immortal few just standing still?"
Clan: Gangrel
Embraced: 1689 (Born 1669)
MORTAL DAYS: BANDIT QUEEN
    Qingzhao was the daughter to a dynasty of merchants in Xi'an who made their fortune trading on the Silk Road. As their fortunes steadily declined, Qingzhao left the family behind to seek her own future. Opportunities were limited and she found herself penniless and robbing passing caravans for what food she could find.
    Scavenging and living off the land as best she could, Qingzhao long debated the wisdom of continuing this course. While life at home would certainly not be the height of comfort, it was superior to this. However, each time these thoughts crossed her mind, she pushed them away. She would carve a path for herself or perish.
    Her skills in thievery grew, and she attracted other young people who were impressed by her lifestyle and devil-may-care attitude. She became a renowned bandit leader, terrorizing trade routes as she saw fit and taking advantage of the turmoil in her country. Within a few years, she amassed more wealth than her father had in 20 years of honest trading.
    She returned home, triumphant, only to be cast out by her family since her actions had brought shame and destitution upon them. They sent for the city watch, who pursued Qingzhao and her band southwest, following the Yangtze River, before cornering them in a cave. Starving and outnumbered, Qingzhao's young friends abandoned her and surrendered. She remained defiant, however, and resolved to die in glorious resistance rather than under the executioner's blade.
    The emergence of an old man, a hermit monk, at the rear of the cave startled her. He offered her a way out if she committed to spending her existence atoning for her crimes. Unthinking, she accepted and was subjected to the savage bite of the vampire.
KINDRED NIGHTS: ETERNITY OF REMORSE
    Qingzhao awoke by the banks of the Yangtze, in a small hovel where the hermit sat at peace, watching the river run past. She tried sneaking away from him, but each time he tracked her down and dragged her back to the riverbank. Finally, she relented and asked what it was he wanted from her. His answer was simple,
    "No more or less than you promised in the cave. I took your life and gave you a new one, on the condition that you repent for your many transgressions."
    The hermit, who never told her his name, explained the reality of her new condition, and tutored her in the use of her new abilities. He taught her to control herself and her thirst, and to find peace with her cursed existence. He took her on walks around the country and visited monasteries, introducing her as his disciple. On those travels, she saw the devastation and poverty gripping large parts of the country. Children starving in the arms of parents who were in a far worse state after giving their children everything they could find; fields, once ploughed for planting, overrun with weeds; villages, towns, and large parts of cities in the same terminal decline she had witnessed in her childhood home. Qingzhao felt ashamed for how she had lived, uncaring and unfeeling, never considering what her actions did to others. She had lived well while choking the lifeblood of these communities.
    Qingzhao wept tears of blood and fell to the ground before her sire, begging him to let her work to rebuild everything she had destroyed. Finally satisfied, the hermit released her from his tutelage and disappeared into the earth.
    Qingzhao decided to not re-enter public life, remaining on the sidelines, protecting those communities she neighbored. She broke up bandit camps and discreetly helped small traders and farmers with their work. With each small kindness, she found her way back to herself, and bettering herself and the world around her became her goal.
    She felt, however, that the hermit had shown her how to rid herself of one terrible sin at the cost of another. Whatever she did, she found herself entering towns and villages to feed. At times, she starved herself to madness and awakened in the night with the corpse of one of the very people she was trying to help at her feet. She was no longer a bandit; she was now a demon.
    She considered facing the sun, and would have had it not been for her discovery of a group of Kindred in Chongqing dedicated to self-improvement. Those people claimed there was a path for her, something they called "The Way Back." A way to finally shed the curse that had been placed upon her. She remained with them, becoming one of the group's foremost practitioners. As word spreads, other Kindred come from across China and beyond to seek wisdom and guidance. Qingzhao has vowed to discover the answers she seeks and share them with any and all of her demon-kin to cure the world of this blight.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Pure Soul: Qingzhao strongly believes honorable deeds and denial of the Beast can break a vampire's curse. Whether this is at the expense of supernatural abilities is irrelevant to her now. She sees Kindred for what they really are: leeches who exploit society, as she once did.
ò Broad Horizons: The group in Chongqing is growing year on year. Qingzhao is proud of the work she has done to aid them, though she feels it may be time to take their doctrine beyond the confines of the city and into the wider world. She learns various languages to aid this pursuit. Some of the group's human disciples have spoken to her of a great web that can disseminate information across the world with the press of a button. She wants to learn more of this technology also.
ò Haunting Past: The actions of Qingzhao's past are documented in history and, while she doesn't hide them, she fears the reaction of her friends and colleagues if they were discovered. She remains concerned about her mysterious sire and what his intentions were in embracing her. If she located him, she would have many questions she would prefer to ask in private.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Back to Nature: Qingzhao sticks to caves, abandoned hovels and the earth itself when seeking shelter. She eschews any form of comfort, seeing it as part of her penance for the years she spent in stolen luxury.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Disciples of the Way (Allies 2, Herd 1, Resources 1) Qingzhao benefits from the small array of mortals who surround the cult and assists them with their meditations. They protect the sites where the Kindred rest by day and provide them with sustenance to slake their beast when necessary. Qingzhao is concerned that some of them may end up being killed if one of the Kindred loses control.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Shao Liu (Young Hope) Although she shuns contact with Kindred at large, Qingzhao feels a special kinship with Liu. She reminds Qingzhao of herself before she made her great mistakes, and she takes great care to guide Liu along the true path to the Way.
WHISPERS: 
ò Departing Mawla?: Rumors about Qingzhao intending to leave without first completing her training circulate among the cult. Many of the elders feel this would be unwise and tempt the youth to follow her example.
ò Roaming Spirit: Qingzhao misses the life of the open road and some are suspicious that talk of mischievous animals raiding storehouses and chasing livestock in the night occur when she's absent from the group.
ò Unpaid Debt: While she doesn't have much, Qingzhao sends all of her money to an address in Xi'An. Some students wonder if she has some debt to repay from her past.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Qingzhao is a baby-faced Chinese woman who wears her hair in a badly constructed bun, with hair haphazardly escaping in all directions. Each night she bathes herself in a river or lake and in the early hours of the evening, she always appears soaking wet. She occasionally styles herself as a teacher with the wisdom of great age, but concludes her sermons with the admission that she's not one to learn from.
ò Living largely in seclusion and secrecy, Qingzhao has no alias. However, to facilitate her desire to travel outside of China, she's investigating how the proper documents may be obtained.
ò Despite many years of avoiding violence and banditry, Qingzhao still practices with blade and bow. She refuses to practice with another person for fear of harming them.
sire: Jia Jiayi ambition: End the Kindred Curse
Convictions: Never succumb to the Beast; Always aid those who are suffering touchstones: William Jenner, a backpacking student she mauled while frenzying and then healed with her vitae; Gong Hao, an elderly woman with cancer, who 
Qingzhao nurses when possible humanity: 8
Generation: 13th Blood Potency: 3
attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5; Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Composure 4; Intelligence 2, Wits 5, Resolve 5 secondary attributes: Health 8, Willpower 9 skills: Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Craft 2, Firearms (Bows) 3, Larceny 3, Melee (Swords) 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4; 
Animal Ken 3, Insight 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 4, 
Persuasion 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2; Awareness 4, Investigation 2, Medicine 1
disciplines: Animalism 5, Fortitude 4, Protean 5 General difficulties: 7/5
TOBIAS NOVAK "DR. STARR"
Epitaph: Prophet of the One Moon
Quote: "If I were you, I wouldn't do that."
Clan: Malkavian
Embraced: 1682 (Born 1661)
MORTAL DAYS: TRAINING THE HORSES
    Tobias was fortunate enough to have been raised by well-established horse breeders, as their family name was enough to see him apprenticed as a horse groom in Lipica and on to the Spanish Riding School in Vienna, Austria. There, he excelled in training horses and their riders.
   A tall, strapping, handsome youth, Tobias caught the eye of many noble ladies of the court, who insisted he be the one who prepared their mount for the day's lesson. They stood near the outskirts of the dressage arena and watched him put fillies through their paces, all the while commenting on his strong posture and rough, but appealing looks. For his part, Tobias enjoyed the attention and quietly availed himself of the company of those ladies, enjoying many a roll in the barn.
    It was one such dalliance that led to his fall from grace. He was seized in the night by guards in military uniform, stripped bare, beaten, abused, and gelded like an aggressive stallion. His mangled body was tossed unceremoniously into the street to die in the gutter.
    Tobias could have died there, but he had a single piece of luck remaining. One of his noble admirers has followed the gang of guards and fished Tobias from the gutter. She was part of the deeper court of Vienna and cordially introduced herself to the man, as he bled into the dirt before her. Grõfin Sophie von Keyserling, Primogen of Clan Malkavian was at his service. Or rather, she hoped that he would agree to be at hers.' He could not disagree.
KINDRED NIGHTS: NIGHT OF THE LONG FANGS
   The Embrace saved his life and his face. Though he endured taunts from various members of the Kindred court on whether it had saved his manhood; a matter he never confirmed or denied to them. Tobias learned to move in mortal high society with his large stature, soft voice, and indelible charm. This was altogether different, the Kindred looked down on him far more than the mortal nobles ever did, and he had doubts any of the ladies, save for Sophie, had eyes for him. She assured him there was a deep secret holding their place in society, despite the scorn of the others for the blood by which he had been Embraced. He saw their views on Malkavians much like the view of a mere stable boy courting a noble lady. Tobias knew the truth of it, he was steeped in knowledge and craft of which they knew extraordinarily little. He looked upon others as little more than horses to be trained, manipulated with subtle prods and urgings at their likes and dislikes. He immersed himself in the lives of the Kindred and imagined himself as the ruler over them all one day. Fate would, once again, undermine his plans.
    Tobias' schemes proceeded well, and he made many alliances. None of those affected the Tremere tightening grip on the city. Sophie approached him one night in a blind panic; the Warlocks made their move for rulership and were scouring the city for ancient blood on which to feast, to strengthen them in their fight against their Blood enemies.
    She charged him with protection of their greatest secret, the ancient Malkavian sleeping beneath the Primogen's haven, deep in a sealed tomb. He descended, addressed the unknowable Kindred, and found a hypnotic, female voice responding in his own language. She referred to him as "Dr. Starr," due to his voice coming from the pinprick of light she saw through a crack in her tombstone. Tobias unsealed the tomb and watched as a small girl in a tattered dress floated serenely from below.
    In their flight from the city, through her words and use of her immensely powerful Disciplines, she bent Tobias to her twisted philosophy; that all Malkavians are one through the Cobweb. In her view, each Malkavian was little more than a scattering of the One Moon's consciousness, experiencing itself through thousands of interconnected lives. She obliterated his personality, leaving him firm in the belief that he was her father and she his daughter. "Marta" as he named her, accompanied him as they fled north through the Holy Roman Empire, Denmark, into England, then on to America, leaving the fangs of the Tremere behind.
    With the last of Sophie's estate, he was able to purchase land near Boston, on which a horse ranch stands to this day. Starfall Ranch, as it is known, is a haven for disaffected Malkavians looking to escape the judgement of their peers and seek solace among their own. Starr and his family treat them like one of their own. To outsiders, Dr. Starr always has several Kindred residents with him, but each are personalities he pulled from the Cobweb using Marta's ageless influence. Few who reside there are aware of Marta's presence, let alone her age. She slumbers beneath the farm, watching through Starr's eyes as he trains the horses and Kindred alike, seeing how he guides them with a gentle hand to fulfilling their true potential. Just as they together will do with every Malkavian that crosses their threshold. They will treat them as they would themselves, for they are themselves.
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò Common Experience: Starr is a gourmet of experience. He thrills in understanding those who cross his path, particularly members of his clan. He believes achieving collective understanding is their clan founder's mission, and they must complete it. Only once the clarity of their visions is achieved, can all Malkavian vitae be brought back into one body, preferably that of Marta.
ò Secret Identities: Several people live on Starfall Ranch, aside from displaced Malkavians and the farm's staff, each one of them is Starr, experiencing life as another person. Oftentimes he sets Kindred against himself with another persona, seemingly having intricate knowledge of the plots he sets them at every turn and beguiling them with his seeming omniscience.
ò Simple Life: There's a small fragment of Starr's consciousness trying to pry its way free and into the light. It tells him that his assemblage of clanmates is just another herd formation, but one that is deeply wrong in nature. A voice inside urges him to go back to a life where it's 
just him and the horses, but he doesn't believe he can escape his destiny.
ò It Cannot Be?!: Several members of the Court of Boston claim they have personally seen Starr die, some more than once. The most famous story is him looking into a sunrise, smiling as it burned his face away, told by the ghoul of one of the Primogen. The retainer burst into uncontrollable tears at the sight of Starr walking into Elysium unharmed the next night. This seeming immortality drives some of his followers to view him as a messianic figure.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò Starfall Ranch (Allies 2, Contacts 1, Haven 4, Resources 3) Starfall is one of the largest horse and cattle ranches in the northeast, well known for producing well-trained animals. Starr trains the animals personally, and they command exorbitant fees. The ranch is a halfway house for disenfranchised Malkavians seeking refuge, though the doors are open to any Kindred seeking Starr's counsel.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Alberta Pennilee (Retainers 3) Alberta is Starr's ghoul and the public face of the ranch. She's an English matron, locals say has been around forever, which she has. Starr is considering replacing her as the ranch's figurehead to allow her freedom to die or join the One Moon.
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Dr. Theodore Delaroose (Fanatical Cultist) Dr. Delaroose was a serial killer, known as "the Sacramento Maskmaker," who murdered his parents, among others. His family owned a large vineyard in California and produced fine wines until Theodore killed them and converted their faces into grotesque masks. He came to Boston fleeing the authorities and Starr Embraced him. He sees him as a surrogate son and grooms him as a protÚgÚ.
ò Danielle "2D" Delavigne (Socialite Chemist) A student at Harvard University with a scholarship from Magadon Pharmaceuticals to study biochemistry and immunology. Danielle uses chemicals stolen from the university and hospital stores to cook up narcotics, which she sells on the streets to a throng of party-people. Starr enjoys her approach to each night and wishes to continue sampling her experiences.
WHISPERS: 
ò Fugitive: The Maskmaker is on the run from the FBI and they believe he has holed up somewhere in Boston. There 
are few places someone like him could hide.
ò Champion Breeder: Starfall has produced several award-winning horses. If one were to somehow manage to steal one, it would be worth a lot of money to the right buyer.
ò Multiple Personalities: That weird Irish guy who lives with Starr tells everyone at Elysium he's got a child hidden in his basement. Starr denies it, of course.
ò The Malkavian Beckoning: Malkavians in the New England area have reported feeling a pull in the direction of the Starfall Ranch. It's not strong enough to force them to make the journey, but the urge exists.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Starr is a tall and chiseled man with pale white skin and pouting, red lips. His long, blonde hair tumbles in a carefree cascade halfway down his back. He seems haughty, as his height results in him almost always looking down at the people he meets, and he carries himself with an aloof and disinterested air. He talks quietly and softly, his native accent replaced by a well-practiced American. He barely recalls his original identity or sees it as particularly important. (Mask 1)
ò Starr rarely leaves the ranch save from official Camarilla summons. However, his various accomplices regularly frequent Boston, each with their own bizarre schemes.
ò Marta occasionally possesses Starr's body. When she chooses to do so, his eyes flick from left to right wildly and he speaks as though with many voices at once and exhibiting god-like powers.
sire: Sophie von Keyserling ambition: Reunite the Moon Convictions: Never allow Marta to come to harm touchstones: Alberta Pennilee, matron and longterm ghoul with a fanatical loyalty humanity: 4 Generation: 8th Blood Potency: 4 attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3; Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Composure 5; Intelligence 
3, Wits 4, Resolve 3 secondary attributes: Health 6, Willpower 8 skills: Athletics 3, Craft (Farming) 4, Melee 2, Stealth 2; Animal Ken (Horses) 4, Etiquette 3, Insight 3, Intimidation 1, Leadership 3, Performance (Assume 
Persona) 4, Persuasion 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 
3; Awareness 2, Medicine (Veterinary) 4, Occult 2, 
Politics 2 disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 4 General difficulties: 7/4
BELINDE BUCH
Epitaph: The Mannequin Prince of Copenhagen
Quote: "Childer are fated to slay their sires."
Clan: Nosferatu
Embraced: 1530 (Born 1510)
MORTAL DAYS:  
ESCAPE WAS NEVER AN OPTION
    Belinde was born Isold, to the family of wealthy fish traders in rural Denmark. While it may not sound like a life of grandeur and opulence, the catching, salting, pickling, and transportation of fish across Denmark and greater Scandinavia was a thriving business of the time, and Isold's family had, as landlords, control over a valuable stretch of water.
   Isold's family paid for her to have a tutor, and she became among the first of her family to learn how to read and write. Isold wrote poetry and even found small income from performing recitals at local taverns. She didn't mind occasional responsibility over her younger siblings as her mother's health ailed with every baby born to her. After the ninth child, however, her mother's bones were so weak she shattered her hip upon tripping down a single step. Isold was now forced to abandon her personal progress in exchange for permanent care over her brothers and sisters.
    Isold could have performed the role of dutiful daughter and mother figure, as the times demanded. Instead, her resentment for her siblings grew and grew. Her mother, who died soon after the incident, was her dearest friend. If these children hadn't been born to her, she might have survived to an old age.
    Isold wasn't homicidal. She didn't pursue a campaign of harm against her siblings. Instead, she arranged her marriage to a popular actor of the time, kept the dowry she was due to hand over to her unknowing father, and abandoned her family to whatever fate awaited them. She performed her poetry more widely, travelling throughout Denmark and escaping her familial obligations, all the while milking her husband's coffers and enriching herself. She was driven and determined to find more to existence than fish, family, and offspring. After reciting her poem, The Torture of Bloom, a longtime devotee of her work and vampire of Clan Nosferatu descended upon her outside the tavern entrance, her skin coated in tiny carapaces like that of a thousand beetles. The vampire explained to the terrified Isold that she'd have to perform only for her, from now on.
KINDRED NIGHTS: NON-STOP ASCENT
    Isold didn't accept the Embrace graciously. She fought, kicking, screaming, scratching at the Nosferatu's scaled face. This only made the feeding and subsequent turning more brutal, and her sire, known only as Elline "the Husk," promised more pain if she continued fighting as one of the undead. Isold's face and body warped, smoothing over entirely, removing the sharpness of her nose, her lips, fingernails, hair, nipples, and all other protuberances. Her facial expression was almost perpetually locked into a slight smile, her mouth always just a fraction open, and her eyelids incapable of blinking.
    When the Husk introduced her to the courts of the Camarilla she found herself a source of fascination to some, and humor or mockery to others. The domain Toreador in particular found her recitals amazing, especially as her face barely betrayed the emotion in her voice. They convinced her that even with this deformity, she could still be an angel of beauty, independent of Clan Nosferatu's horror. Belinde never considered herself ugly or monstrous from this point on. She beautified herself, through baubles as well as the flowing words of her verse, on every occasion.
   Isold had decided as a teenager that she wasn't going to be trapped in a prison of anyone's making but her own, and she bided her time only a short while before forcing herself awake during the daytime, while havening in Hamburg with her sire, to deliver a stake to Elline's heart. Isold then passed into daysleep once more. She awoke that night, finding herself draped over the Husk's frozen body, and without hesitation went about setting the haven and her sire's body ablaze. She watched, unblinking, as everything burned. After this time, Isold returned to Denmark and adopted a new name - Belinde - and later added Buch as a family name. She kept the company of Toreador and Ventrue, who enjoyed her creativity and will, and dedication to courtly intrigue, and was quick to throw her support behind the Camarilla. She found herself with the position of Kommisµr in Odense, later taking the role of Nosferatu Primogen in Copenhagen, before participating in the 17th century coup that led to the Prince's fall amid accusations of consorting with witches, and seized the reins of power. She stood as one of very few Nosferatu Princes in Europe, a representative of the Cleopatran cult, which deemed the Nosferatu the highest clan of all. Every vampire respected her for her force of personality and commitment to the sect, while her unreadable expression mystified and intrigued the Kindred in her court.
    Though Prince Belinde became a success story among others in her clan, her path over the past 300 years has seen many fractures. She's clung onto Copenhagen but failed as a sire on many occasions. Each childe she sires inherits a form of her rebellious streak, or perhaps she targets prospective heirs for just that reason. They escape her and swiftly act against the domain or the Masquerade. Additionally, she's always considered herself closer to the Toreador than the Nosferatu, and loathes members of her own clan in Copenhagen. She hates the reminder that she's one of them, and beautifies herself to an unnatural degree, adopting the masks, wigs, and costumes of the Cleopatran cult, persecuting any Nosferatu of Denmark who don't conform to her beliefs and fashions.
    Belinde tires of her role as Prince. For a long time, she viewed praxis as the best outcome for any vampire, but now she wonders why she's been denied a position as Justicar or member of the Inner Circle, when she's served the Camarilla diligently since close to its foundation. She's always been driven to escape when walls appear around her, and Belinde - who has grown increasingly cold and murderous in her long tenure as Prince - is aware that if she doesn't run soon, she's going to devolve into the kind of vampire in need of putting down. 
PLOTS AND SCHEMES: 
ò The Cleopatras: Belinde was a beautiful young woman as Isold, and as a vampire... not so much. Howev-
er, she does possess striking features in their uniform blandness, and this acts as an attractive curiosity to many. She feels the Nosferatu as a rule succumb to self-pity over their hideous appearances, and it's incumbent on the clan to seize control of the narrative and make themselves figures of art and worth. To that end, she's commenced hosting parties exclusively for Nosferatu, where appearances are everything. The ugliest participant becomes subject to ritual humiliation from the rest, while the most beautiful is applauded and granted favors by the others.
ò Lost Childe: Belinde has a mixed view of offspring, dating all the way back to her mortal days. She was fond of one of her childer, however - her husband, aged and decrepit at the time she Embraced him. He fled shortly after she made him undead, and still wonders after his fate.
ò Fresh Start: Belinde's tempted to just leave Copenhagen without so much as a "thank you" note, perhaps settling in an Eastern European or Canadian domain, far away from Denmark. She's even started writing poetry again, hoping to tap into some of what gave her life and meaning as a mortal. Her biggest issue is her distinctive appearance, which she's hoping she can alter in a believable way.
DOMAIN AND HAVEN:
ò N°rrebro Penthouse (Allies 2, Haven 4, Resources 4) Belinde maintains a well-guarded haven in one of the most expensive parts of Copenhagen. She keeps the dÚcor spartan, but for her nook, where she maintains preserved copies of her first written works.
ò Kindred Copenhagen (Influence 3, Status 5) Belinde doesn't consort much with the kine, and hasn't done for many years. Her appearance is too bizarre to not draw notice. However, among the vampires of Copenhagen she's a well-known figure. Even the domain Anarchs have cause to respect her, as she divides the city into generous portions, allowing the Movement to go without interference in certain districts. When someone breaks a rule, she's quick to deliver severe punishment, but when everyone plays her game, she allows significant freedom to her subjects.
THRALLS AND TOOLS:
ò Buch Security (Allies 3, Retainers 3) Belinde's rarely without her entourage of security officers, whether she's meeting guests in one of her many offices, walking along the river in Copenhagen, or attending Elysium. She only hires tall individuals and clads them each in black suits, with black shirts and ties. This affectation is to help conceal her, as she walks within a human perimeter unless she knows her location is secure and nobody unwanted can see her.
ò The Kommisµrs (Retainers 3) Denmark has a form of vampire police, tasked with enforcing the Masquerade so any Princes don't need to bother themselves with breaches. These Kommisµrs all report to Belinde, whether they patrol Odense, Aalborg, Copenhagen, or any other Danish city. 
KINDRED RELATIONSHIPS:
ò Molly MacDonald (Young Hope) When Molly MacDonald was appointed Nosferatu justicar, Belinde descended into a frenzy, decimating her security personnel and paying off the remainder to ensure their silence. Belinde was sure the Inner Circle would recognize her, and they responded with nothing but silence. Thankfully, rumor has it Molly was in the Paris hotel bombed during the Ministry's petition to join the Camarilla. That's a pleasing coincidence. No Nosferatu have stepped up the Justicarate since then, but Belinde is busy greasing palms.
ò Rudi (Shame) Belinde admires Rudi's pluck, but resents his making a haven in her domain (and she believes it's not even far from her own). She worries that the reason her stock is falling amid the other Camarilla Princes is because of Rudi's actions, and seeks a reliable coterie to humiliate Rudi or expose him in such a way that he might be brought down a peg or two, without martyring him.
ò Jakob (Disappointment) One of Belinde's childer is busy fomenting a cult in the forests of Denmark, and the Prince is deeply concerned he may have fallen to his Beast. She wants him staked and returned to her, for reeducation or execution by her hand.
WHISPERS: 
ò Successor: Rumor has it, Belinde is seeking a successor, but refuses to acknowledge anyone from her clan as a potential replacement.
ò Oldest Prince: Belinde Buch may be the oldest remaining Prince in Europe, since Mithras' destruction and Villon's disappearance.
ò Bizarre Bloodline: Nobody has ever encountered a Nosferatu resembling Belinde before, resulting in a rumor that she was Embraced by some Toreador-Nosferatu vitae cocktail.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Prince Belinde is known as "the mannequin" by those with a modicum respect and as "the sex doll" by those without, based on her perfectly, smooth, almost unmoving features, and locked open lips. She prefers to wear stylish, dark dresses and expensive jewelry, high quality wigs, and muted makeup.
ò Given her lips don't appear to move, Belinde speaks with surprising clarity. This is due to her slotting a small plate into her mouth each night: a device she found necessary after her inability to pronounce b's, m's, and p's made her poetry recitals fall flat. However, it doesn't take away from the blank expression on her face. She finds new ways to cover her face in an elegant manner, such as by wearing facemasks to cover her nose and mouth and blending in with mortals during the time of COVID.
ò Belinde has multiple false identities, such as 21st century punk rock poet Ingrid Guld, political advisor Lisa Green, and linguistics teacher Maisie Klunder. She interacts with most kine in calls, with prey being brought to her by her security team. (Mask 2) 
sire: Elline "The Husk" ambition: Rise above my humble clan Convictions: Brook no insult to my appearance touchstones: Mitchell Cambron - the head of Belinde's mortal security detail
humanity: 4 Generation: 7th Blood Potency: 5 attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5; Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Composure 3; Intelligence 
4, Wits 3, Resolve 2 secondary attributes: Health 8, Willpower 5 skills: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Drive 1, Larceny 1, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Survival 2; Animal Ken (Birds) 4, Etiquette 5, Insight 2, Intimidation (Alien Appearance) 5, Leadership 4, Performance (Poetry) 5, Persuasion 
2, Subterfuge 4; Academics (Linguistics, Literature) 
3, Awareness 3, Finance 2, Investigation 3, Politics 
(Camarilla) 5 disciplines: Animalism 4, Obfuscate 5, Potence 3, Presence 3
General difficulties: 7/5



Cult  
Coteries
"A solitary figure preaching a new gospel is considered mad.  
Twenty such people are a cult. A hundred? Now you're talking about a religion."
- Dr. Starr, Prophet of the One Moon

    Vampires who remain as solitary beasts for too long lose grip on their place among mortals and eventually, their fellow Kindred. Coteries form, in part, so the undead remain grounded in society, but also so they might receive counsel and reassurance from their peers. Sometimes, such constant affirmation develops into the existence of a cult, where all vampires within the same coterie believe in the same higher cause, or where they believe themselves more righteous than any among their peers.
    The coteries presented within this chapter are examples of how the vampires presented in the preceding chapter might work together to further their aims as written in their biographies, or with a little tweaking, how they might function together in service to different faiths. While many of the SPCs in Children of the Blood have their present locations described, others are left nebulous, so Storytellers can easily fit these characters into cult coteries with each other.
    The One True Way cult coterie in this chapter comes with ready-made characters at the chapter's end, so players can immediately participate in Vampire: The Masquerade as cultist vampires with a faith to call their own.
The Church of Caine - San Diego
    "The word of Caine is immutable. The method of its delivery, fluid." 
THE NEW SECT, REVIVAL CAINITES,  
THE FIRST SONS
   The Anarch Free States of the West Coast are chaotic, caught between volatile Anarch factions and Camarilla incursions. The ground is fertile with disenfranchised Kindred but, when venturing to sow seeds of faith, any meeting of more than a few vampires is easily compromised. Such groups often become targets for one or more of the factions vying for dominance. The question then becomes, how can a cult gain ground in such a fractured environment? The answer is simple: it has to grow, adapt, and make use of advances in technology.
   Televangelism is not unknown within the Gnostic hierarchy (though many view it as gauche and unrefined) but the West Coast situation demands a further step: live, tent-preaching evangelism. Faith Corrigan (see p. XX) finds herself central to an experiment in expanding the reach and influence of the Church of Caine, and acts as figurehead of a looming schism. 
    Rather than aggressively expanding a physical chapel in San Diego, Bishop Matisse Eyumbe (her ambitious eye on the Crimson Curia), conducts a clandestine experiment. A traveling diocese led by the masked minister Corrigan, broadcasting her fiery sermons to enraptured audiences in Elysia. To track and support Corrigan's progress, Eyumbe, working from behind the curtain, tasks able agent Misery to oversee the project. It's no coincidence that the deacon is a Lasombra: the clan's links to religion are one thing, the ease with which a Lasombra can be pinpointed as a problem and eradicated is another fine use if things go sideways. The last member of the team is Jenni Guang, on temporary sabbatical from Padua. When Lector Claridge voiced concerns over his childe's attitude, Bishop Eyumbe took the opportunity to recommend the brilliant young theologian spend time serving a congregation. In theory, Jenni is assigned to the physical chapel in San Diego. Unaware of Jenni's shaken faith, Misery is tasked with drawing her into "the New Sect," as the Lasombra calls it. 
Members and Agendas
   Being entrusted with cultivating the traveling temple is a double-edged sword. San Diego is dangerous territory, and building a large following inevitably draws attention and animosity from the Anarch street gangs whose members the bishop wishes to cultivate as followers. The in-situ agents of Caine must be capable, daunting prospects to challenge, and ultimately expendable while the priest, the figurehead of this new chapter, is placed somewhere beyond the reach of dangerous Anarch factions.
Misery, Deacon
    Recruiting a leader for the mission was undertaken with no little subterfuge. Luckily, Priestess Driskel's exhortations of Misery's exemplary qualities marked her as the obvious choice. Misery is well-placed, already embedded in a small chapel near the Gaslamp Quarter, and eager to support Faith's fire and brimstone sermons. Misery is the point of contact for the bishop, though she has no idea of how high placed her benefactor is. As deacon, Misery handles the bulk of communications from the congregation, often holding back any information serving her own agenda.
Faith Corrigan, Priest
    While Faith outwardly seems the leader of the growing congregation, in reality she dances to Misery's manipulative tune. Messages of support Misery send to 

Faith became a coded dialogue and the dialogue became a plan. Misery is the grinding wheel of this infernal engine, but Faith is the fire that stokes the passions of the faithful. The West Coast Kindred cry out for spiritual guidance but petty politics and tribalism wall the faithful off from each other. All they need is a voice in their ear, a face to rally behind. To Faith's mind, the call of Caine will tear down gang affiliations or sectarian loyalties and, from the fires of anarchy a new state, loyal to the teachings of Caine, will rise.
Zhou 'Jenni' Guang, Lector
    While Misery is the immediate authority in the San Diego congregation, Jenni is its face to the flock. Bishop Eyumbe doesn't know about the texts Jenni discovered or the profound effect they had on her faith. The sabbatical has removed Jenni from her dry, dusty research materials and introduced her to Faith's more vital sermons. Whether she believes the preacher a prophet or a maniac is still open for discussion, but Jenni's ragged faith grasps at Faith's words even while her rational mind searches the scripture of Narses for substance. If only Jenni possessed the confidence to share her doubts and discoveries with Faith directly. If only something in the minister's words proved she really was blessed with divine insight, Jenni might finally cement her devotion. 
Customs
   Working across multiple sites each week presents challenges to enacting the cult's sacraments, but as the coterie are discovering, some of these challenges are opportunities in disguise. To begin, performing clearly inhuman acts is an effective way of drawing the Inquisition's notice, requiring them to conceal their actions behind the subterfuge of making a short horror movie. This ruse has deterred some believers, who reason if the Church of Caine was truly earnest, they wouldn't bring a camera crew with them for every sermon.
    The Sacrament of Valediction is no less testing conducted in one location one night, and halfway across the city on another. Delivering the sacrament to an intimate group as opposed to a massive static church's following build's close support networks between the faithful. These cells of followers go on to look out for one another more actively on San Diego's contested streets.
    Inciting banes for the Sacrament of Exculpation is vital, which requires Misery and the other members of the coterie to carefully scout out their intended location for the church service, so no banes result in widespread mortal alarm. When enacting the Sacrament of Firewalking, it falls to Misery and Jenni to arrange small group meetings, usually at abandoned industrial sites or dock fronts.
    The Sacrament of Malediction is particular to the New Sect. Derived from the vile practice of doxxing, enemies of the congregation are "tagged." Accounts or recordings of them using supernatural abilities are captured or fabricated and circulated between Kindred congregants anonymously. The church antagonizes the Camarilla, courting hunters and even the Inquisition into removing its enemies via these virtual breadcrumb trails. It's a dangerous game, and eventually, the trail may lead back to Misery, Faith, and Jenni.
Type
    The New Sect is a schism coterie, covertly overseen by Bishop Eyumbe and tasked with converting followers from the volatile street gangs of the Anarch Free States. Despite growing conflicts of faith, the cult formed 
to challenge the church's antiquated and limited views toward expansion and technology. Eyumbe hopes the project will become a new model for growing the congregation, but Eyumbe is unaware of the depths of access the Inquisition possess. 
    Nevertheless, Eyumbe believes that when the time is right, the problematic figure of Corrigan can be 'removed' and held up as a martyr. Misery can then lead the new faithful using the compelling words of fast rising theologian Jenni. There's the possibility the experiment becomes a runaway success, and the New Sect captures public attention. On one hand, this may boost the number of believers, but on the other, such a clear Masquerade violation is sure to spell this coterie's doom. 
Domain
    The coterie's boundaries officially encompass everything between the sprawling conurbation of the East Village, the concrete serpent of the I-15 Freeway, and the vibrant Latin community, industry, and naval yard of the Barrio Logan district. Although, as a traveling mission, the actual borders reach much further.
Lien òòò
    The New Sect has made steady progress, counting faithful members in several different street factions, and is able to pass warnings of pending attacks to the right ears. These Gnostics intend to take control and amalgamate the whittled down street gangs in the aftermath of the faith's growth.
Portillon òòò
    As a largely disparate organization, the schism's presence in San Diego is frequently overlooked. 
Investigations into the Church of 

Caine might reveal the small, physical chapel but nothing more. It would take a dedicated search or an inside agent to know what to look for.
Backgrounds
Mawla òòò
    Bishop Matrisse Eyumbe, the mind behind the project, is a vital and forward-thinking expansionist eager to increase the influence and membership of the Church of Caine. To those who interpret her zeal as megalomania it would come as no surprise to find her harboring plans for a new order, a theocracy of the night with the Cainites firmly in place as leaders of all Kindred society. The main issue Eyumbe possesses, is a complete lack of awareness when it comes to Second Inquisition operations.
The Comparative Minds of the Night
    "To see our powers as diverse is a limited view. All Disciplines are one with limitless application."
'WE,' THE DARK LIBRARY, THE THINK-TANK
    The followers of Sejanus would unify the vampire world. They count among their ranks Kindred skilled in many Disciplines, but unless they speak to the clans in their own language how can they convince them to unite? If they do not understand their abilities, how can they minimize the conflict and loss of unlife? The perfect outcome is surely to find a universal trait Sejanus might use to influence all the disparate Kindred. Then, the children of the night might finally arise and overcome the Jyhad's manipulations once and for all.
    The search for knowledge often breeds strange bedfellows and the Comparative Minds are just such a selection of oddities: exceptional intellects all convinced that the ends justify the means, or Kindred blinded by their individual search. Minds so engaged in the pursuit that the mechanisms of vampiric society mean little to them. These exemplary scholars have been coaxed, lured, and introduced to each other by a patron; one whose world-spanning goals encompass each of their disciplines in a grand plan to change everything. 
    Grace Boeteng, disciple of Sejanus and architect of the secret think-tank, oversees this coterie of academics. The further their studies progress, the greater purpose they serve toward Sejanus' final goal since, in their view, knowledge is power. 
Members and Agendas
    Roberto's mathematical mysteries and Jenni's theological investigations have come to the attention of Grace, an elder who sees a broader picture encompassing the whole. Their individual proficiencies in the Disciplines of Caine might seem exclusive but Grace Boateng sees the possibilities. She sees how the circles of mathematical prediction, study of vitae, and interpretation of ancient texts all present ignition points she can use to achieve Sejanus' ultimate goal. 
Grace Boateng, the Librarian
    In her pursuit of a final, lasting peace and, as a student of Marcus Vitel, Grace is glaringly conscious of the need to possess both knowledge and influence. Working within all sects she brings together this small coterie of brilliant minds to educate her in areas she might otherwise prove lacking. She hopes this meeting of minds might further her own goals. Based upon the outcome, she may decide to expand the secret society, devoting greater resources and forming further cells, or wipe the slate clean of this trio and start again elsewhere.
    There's no doubt Grace rules the roost, but she's yet to flex that authority and errs toward patience. Soon though she will demand results for the favors she so generously bestows on her think-tank. 
Roberto Vega, the Mathematician
    It might be that Roberto's own predictions led him into Grace's scope. The enigmatic Tremere was easier to convince than the others, maybe too easy. Had he simply volunteered, Grace would have been suspicious, but he did have a request: access to Jenni's texts. Sample materials to test his algorithms against, improving their accuracy against accounts of established events or disproving falsehoods taken as fact. Of course, Roberto keeps Grace in the dark about his affiliation to Set; she knows he's Tremere and he escaped the Vienna massacre, but whether he also masks his place in the Comparative Minds from Vivienne and whether he's successful is just another mystery.
Zhou 'Jenni' Guang, the Historian
Jenni's shaken faith proved the avenue by which 
Grace enticed her. By offering better understanding of 

the nature of vitae and the chance to measure the truth of historical accounts against the proven science of probability, she tempts the young vampire to 'study retreats' away from Padua. Jenni longs to find the modern facts cementing the ancient accounts, and shore-up her own devotion and that of others. While she's tentative in her dealings with the other Minds, her desperation to find truth often leads her to over-extend herself, sharing information she might have been wiser to hold back.
Customs
    The Minds are only recently formed and still testing the boundaries of trust between each other. 
Grace arranges their infrequent meetings so they can compare notes and advance each other's studies. Without input there's little progress to be made. Using her resources Grace has supplied some rare study materials but, to prove their dedication the others are now expected to contribute something from their own libraries.
    Grace has obtained one piece that stands out from the others. Seemingly a simple clay cube inscribed with characters from six variations of early Cainite scripts, the piece hums with suppressed energy. For a simple offering of vitae, the cube provides translation of the most ancient or obscure texts, though using it comes at the cost of destroying the original text.
    New as this coterie is, their collective intellect has already born something Grace can use. Vampires exert their will over less potent blood, but the Minds have developed a mirror theory. They intend to seed mortal blood with impulses of devotion or loyalty, using their Disciplines on influencers, religious figureheads, and politicians, to prepare "poison chalices" within society and bring more mortal allies to Sejanus' fold. Just as Sejanus believes the key to ending the Jyhad is through manipulation of the Second Inquisition, Grace and her coterie believe these ends can be achieved through manipulation of wider society. The Minds intend to create sleeper agents naturally disposed toward neutralizing the cult's enemies. 

Type
    The Minds of the Night form a theologian society, sharing fragments of information in their respective studies to further each other's overall progress. It might appear odd for disciples of such different Disciplines to be brought together. However, their work in concert energizes their progress. Should they come to trust each other, their collective efforts ought to bear the fruit that will, one night, allow Grace to apply their discoveries to her own long-term goal.
Backgrounds
Loresheet: The First Inquisition òò
    Jenni's access to Church documents has allowed the coterie to extrapolate and compile a list of Names of the Guilty (see Vampire: The Masquerade, p.388)
Loresheet: The Circulatory System òò
    A 'gift' to solidify Vega;s membership, Grace used her contacts to secure one of the System's Little Black Books (see Vampire: The Masquerade, p.386) 
Loresheet: The Week of Nightmares òò
    Roberto used Grace's influence to access certain material relating to the Red Star and that interest has drawn eyes. The Minds have come to the attention of some Ravnos survivors (see Vampire: The Masquerade, p.395) who provide useful information.
Shared Relic: The Kharavash Stone
    This simple clay cube was lost when Gomorrah fell, with Smithsonian-funded archeologists uncovering it only in the last decade. The piece represents a font of knowledge. When a document is placed under the small cube, and a drop of vitae is smeared on the relic's uppermost face, it can be dragged across the document, translating the language beneath. One drop of vitae (requiring a Rouse Check) only extends to one or two lines of text at a time. Only the Kindred providing the vitae can read and understand the text. Hereafter, the source text disintegrates as the translator reads the translated words.
Heralds from On High
    "With the right tools and skills the most formless of clay can become an ageless masterpiece."
Cherubs of the Nephilim, Pretty Boys
    To snare the finest prey, one must offer up the most alluring bait, and what fine prey the academic Florian Ribiero is. If only he could be won away from the base, pagan pursuits of Mithras and brought into the embrace of the children of the angels, the Nephilim. It's enough to prompt the dispatch of a mission to Edinburgh. Where one star molders in the gray and dusty surrounds of the city, there are invariably more; it's an affront to the cult's pursuit of divine perfection and a tragedy. To allow such jewels to inevitably lose their luster when, under angelic guidance, they might be polished to blaze ever brighter, is an insult to the children of the divine.
    Baptiste and Vitas Varnas are entrusted with the initial hunt. Word of a possible prize to be claimed in the historical Scottish city passed down from above, but besides a brilliant mind, they might have discovered something of much greater rarity, a beautiful soul, in the form of Derek Jacobson, who watches over Florian. While the older Kindred might not immediately seem any more than mere clay, with every engineered interaction, Baptiste suspects a potential masterpiece might lurk beneath Jacobson's rugged exterior.
    Once the Nephilim have lured these targets away from the so-called graces of Mithras then they can set to work, carving a mission for their cult out of the cold gray rock of Edinburgh itself.
Members and Agendas
    Poaching members from other cults is most assuredly a worse crime than poaching kine from another's domain. For the popular and influential Nephilim, looking down upon the isolated Cult of Mithras is a risk worth taking. They might have lost out on Roberto Vega, but he was only ever a homely figure, past the point where much could be done about his beauty. Florian is in his prime, and his outward appearance has enormous potential given the right influence. The Nephilim can make you beautiful by their standards but the process takes time. Florian, alongside the Kindred who brings him in, will be fast-tracked to important things and scions of the angels should look the part after all.
    More than that, a foothold in Edinburgh itself lends possibilities. The city is a picturesque historical center, ripe for redevelopment in areas, but also an influential cultural hub. This domain could be a launching pad from 

which to influence trends in fashion, music, and the arts.
Baptiste, the Huntsman
   Edinburgh grows on Baptiste. The historic city hosts both a wealth of art-history and a lively scene of new and innovative artists. Pleasure before business is be the ambitious Nephilim hedonist's modus operandi, but the little he's seen of Florian's work has brought him an uncharacteristic clarity. Numbers might not be his forte, but the strange equations flow like the strokes of a master's brush and clearly hold deeper truths, though Baptiste cannot decipher it. Once won, there's no reason for Baptiste to let the prize go. Florian's findings further Baptiste's goals. The mathematician's bodyguard might harbor an inner beauty of his own, his rustic charms aside. 
Vitas Varnas, the Lure
    When the Nephilim first approached Vitas, the last thing he thought he'd be doing was playing errand boy. Even the Children of the Angels occasionally need agents for specific tasks. Seducing a mathematician is not Vitas' idea of fun, but wooing a target of value away from the clutches of another cult? It's almost like the plot of a spy movie, maybe the basis for Vitas' first screenplay. Whether he feels anything for Florian or not, it's a choice role to play in the honing of his craft. Success brings acclaim and acclaim is currency for favors, roles, and headlines. Although Baptiste's attentions toward Vitas sometimes wander beyond the boundaries of leading and supporting actor, how much of that is real and how much simply boredom?

Florian Ribiero, the Prize
   Though he's intensely focused on his studies into the nature of the Kindred condition and the relationship between life and undeath, Florian is anything but clueless. The sudden appearance of two Americans, the chance meetings, the knowing smiles from afar, he knows he's being stalked. He simply has to divine the purpose of this new attention, and that's not to say it's unwelcome. If it proves an avenue by which he can further his studies, it might make him more welcoming to attractive agents. Derek is a refreshing presence, a simple man from a simpler time. Sometimes understanding can be refined through teaching and so Florian uses Derek as a sounding board, mostly for his own benefit.
Derek Jacobson, the Bonus
    Awake in a strange and unfamiliar time, Derek is still adjusting. His rise to the title of "miles" in the Cult of Mithras was almost a given considering his stature and physical prowess, but the question is, do they even see him as anything more? The fact they only embrace his martial ability screams they don't regard him anything more than a soldier. As he eases into the modern night, his scope broadens. He might not be fully aware of what they are yet, but there are greater prospects out there for him than as just another muscle-bound enforcer for the Cult of Mithras.
Customs
    Baptiste and Vitas dance delicately around Florian. Winning him away from the Mithraists might be as simple a task as waiting for his patience to expire, if the Mysteries cannot fulfill his intellectual appetite. If a more active approach is required, they might find an avenue to Florian via his minder, Derek. Whether it will take offers of status, wealth, or more physical desires to woo Derek away is still to be decided.
Type
    The Heralds are a targeted missionary coterie, though they could become either a schism or a group of excommunicates. The Nephilim want Baptiste and Vitas to recruit Florian specifically though they may get Derek into the bargain. With that achieved they are to create a Nephilim mission within Edinburgh. Of course, with Baptiste's ambitions whether he adheres to that instruction is no decided outcome.
Backgrounds
Mawla òòò
    The decision to recruit Florian comes from the higher echelons of the Nephilim cult and, despite Baptiste's inclination to forge his own standing in the higher order, he recognizes an opening that can be exploited when one is handed to him.
Resources òò
    Both Baptiste and Vitas need a cover for their presence in the city. For Baptiste, a gallery exhibition of his outlandish art and for Vitas a role in an art house production set in the city. Their cover stories can only be extended so long without drawing suspicion. Both Kindred must soon return to the States, so a portfolio of works by the brightest minds among the Nephilim has been afforded them to entice Florian away.
Status Flaw, Suspect ò
    The attention both newcomers have shown Florian and Derek has been observed by followers of Mithras and it raises questions.
The One True Way - Charleston Chapter
"Nos Nunquam Abierunt."
THE CC, THE CHAPTER,  
FOLLOWERS OF THE WAY
    The One True Way first arrived in Charleston as the Millennium turned. Just a couple of missionaries with a stack of pamphlets, holding meetings in run-down community centers. It might have ended there, but in South Carolina, the heart of the Bible Belt, the One True Way's missionary approach caught fire. The Camarilla see it as a con, a Masquerade risk, but the Kindred who cling to the existential dread of what comes beyond their new 'afterlife' flock like moths to a flame.
    Lyle Cochrane recently stepped in to add to order to the nascent missionary organization. He attended a few meetings out of idle curiosity. He listened to the pitch, smirking as younger Kindred aired their secrets like a twisted game of show and tell, and saw an excel-

lent opportunity. Lyle danced up the ladder of leadership, the missionaries free falling down the rungs, while the 'new board' came together with definite goals in mind.
    The Chapter doesn't meekly hide in the shadows, rather it shields itself behind the brightest light. The coterie have bribed, threatened, manipulated, and even funded the construction of a megachurch in Charleston, a cover for the cult's meetings and activities. While the kine flock to evening sermons hosted by "The Reverend Charles," Lyle presides over the followers of the Way by night.
Members and Agendas
    With fear of Gehenna rising, now is the time to draw in new followers and raise a cult with the power to oppose the methuselah-worshiping Camarilla. Lyle has waited decades for the chance to challenge the seat of Charleston and his allies have their own reasons to support him. By taking up the mantle of religious leaders, they ensure a coterie of dedicated, like-minded Kindred; a body of devotees they can employ to oust the current establishment.
Lyle Cochrane,  Chapter Leader
    In truth, Lyle doesn't buy it. He thinks the Church of Golconda is a pyramid scheme, gathering secrets for leverage. Even so, he witnessed the control the higher tiers exercise over the Beast on ecumenical retreats. It might be a religious awakening, or it might be a new Discipline, either way it's another tool. Lyle pursues his masterpiece, with Charleston as his canvas, the coterie as his brushes, and the secrets the faithful bring to him night after night as his pallet.
Frankie Boudreaux,  Deacon/Enforcer
    The chapter must maintain secrecy, that's Frankie's job. The initial meetings are held in community centers and many Kindred only attend one so the inner circle, except Frankie, stay away. Once they've shown commitment, initiates are redirected to the megachurch to join the flock. Still, there are risks: spies might try to infiltrate the Chapter to report back on who leads and how much influence the cult has. Frankie sees to cult security, weeds out the spies, deals with or makes deals with them. Golconda is a tempting prospect to Frankie. Perhaps mastery of the Beast will finally bring him peace.
Mary-Jane  Hetherington, Rector/Spy
    The cult's secrecy depends upon intelligence, it must know what the enemy knows of it and that is MaryJane's raison d'Ûtre within the cult. 
Despite her shamed status among the 
Ventrue, other influential figures in Charleston's night-scene look upon her with sympathy or avarice and that's her way in. She also serves as the cult's conscience and should Lyle prove to be manipulating things exclusively for his own ends, MaryJane might find the fire to take on a leadership position again.
Chapel, Pastor/Front Man
   Player, pretender, believer. Chapel leads the mortal congregation and manages the smoke screen. Rev. Charles is too notable a face for induction meetings, so Chapel helps Lyle sift the secrets collected from the higher acolytes into useable information to employ against other Kindred in the city. A few little secrets might drop into Chapel's pockets, just enough to sow a little political discord within the Camarilla. Chapel would dearly like to attain Golconda, so if he's called to attend meetings of the higher orders in Lyle's stead, that suits his goals perfectly.
Customs
    The Charleston Chapter is modelled on the evangelist churches and pyramid schemes of mortal society, but rather than salvation or wealth they offer Golconda. Instead of investments of money, the Way demands secrets. Even one-time attendees are encouraged, in support-group settings, to share something they've done since the Embrace that sickens or embarrasses them. The cell must pass upward the most important crumbs their network uncovers, but why one piece is deemed important over another is often cryptic. Why should the disappearance of a neonate be more important than a baron working secretly against a prince? It's not for the network to question; the master dictates what has merit and what does not. The Master of Ravens - the supposed writer of The One True Way to Golconda - has yet to visit Charleston, but the Chapter's leadership reasons it won't be long. 
    Like an infinitely complex jigsaw puzzle, these revelations are assembled into a picture of the Charleston night. Any hostile vampire who comes close to discovering the network, or unwittingly stands in their way, inevitably disappears. The flow of information into the cult is strong and constant. Should either the Master of Ravens or Lyle give the signal, the cult aims to bring down the local Camarilla and raise the banner of the 
One True Way over Charleston. The Chapter offers "ascension" through achieving Golconda, but should a worshiper become impatient with overseeing leaflet drops, new member meetings, or the team-building seminars the Way encourages, they would be wise to remember that the Chapter holds their secrets. Whether socially embarrassing, or the figurative 'Sword of Damocles' hanging over the Kindred's head, they are the Chapter's to use, ever so regretfully, against dissenters. 
Type
    The Charleston Chapter is a diocese coterie, they minister to the followers of the One True Way in Charleston, SC. It falls to them to direct the growing number of initiates flocking to the One True Way and coordinate the cult's efforts in secret. Although their motives might be divergent, their goals for the cult are the same: protect it from those who would destroy it and follow the path to achieve Golconda either for peace or power.
Domain
    The Charleston Chapter counts the city and surrounds as its domain, but it must operate in secret without drawing the Camarilla's paranoid notice. The cult operates out of secret rooms installed in a gaudy evangelist megachurch that sits astride the boundary of the suburbs and the city proper. 
Chasse òò
    Between the suburbs and the city, the coterie ought to have all the kine they could want, but they have to work within the overlaid boundaries of the domain territories. Thankfully for the cult, the volume of evangelists in Charleston provides a ready stock. The herd flows to them.
Lien òòò
In their own way each mem-
ber of the coterie is a "face" in the Charleston night-scene. Each has established a role and a part they play 

in public. The greatest risk to the Chapter coterie comes from its followers letting something about the identities of the leadership slip.
Portillon ò
    The cult operates within Camarilla territory and the megachurch, while imposing, is a public building. The only true faith within its cavernous walls is what the mortals bring. Even the font water is only special because it's store-bought, not faucet.
Backgrounds
Influence (Church) òò
    The Chapter finds security in the secret rooms of the megachurch and the income (donations from the Kindred and siphoned from the kine congregation) has more than offset the expenditures to-date. Now work elevates Charleston in the eyes of the wider cult.
Loresheet:  
The One True Way òò 
    The cult is built to gather information. The first thing a prospective member does is give up a piece of information about themselves in a group-therapy setting, afterwards they are ears for the cult. The information they collect is passed up the hierarchy. Some goes beyond the Charleston Chapter but plenty is useful to the coterie.
Cult Coterie Types
    The following coterie types act as alternatives and additional options to those presented in Vampire: The Masquerade. Players should discuss with their Storyteller if they want to form a coterie using one of the following starting points for their story.
Diocese
"Within these borders, we are the cult."
    The coterie represents the cult leadership within a territory. From secret meetings in dingy basements to regional bosses of pyramid schemes, to shining offices of gaudy mega churches, they are the leaders. They are 

BUT IS THE ONE WAY ACTUALLY TRUE?
It's the question that afflicts every Golconda-seeking vampire. Is the path I'm following the correct one? The Master of Ravens, that elusive, white-coated man, claim age, potency, and enlightenment, but how's he to be believed when all vampires learn, in time, that elders manipulate and give nothing away for free.
The One True Way, as with all cults, relies heavily on a mixture of desperation, confidence, and faith. The desperation is from the cult initiates, who feel disenfranchised with Kindred society, or detached from mortality, and so they need a guiding hand to tell them which way is up. Sometimes they just need comfort and reassurance. The confidence comes from the cultist who recruits the new initiates. This vampire has to appear confident in their beliefs to make the initiates confident in turn. It also refers to a confidence trick, as in some cases, such cultists are just convincing their recruits as to their trustworthiness and wisdom, when their actual intent is to bilk them in some way.
Of course, the final stage is faith. Eventually, the initiates-turned-cultists need faith in the course they're pursuing, and need to see it reflected in their peers. This faith possibly stems from having lost everything reliable and grounded. They can no longer trust the ground beneath their feet, their families, their friends, but damn it, they've got faith in something else. 
When it comes to the Master of Ravens, he's been running this game for long enough now that nobody doubts he has faith in something. The question is, what does he have faith in? Is it his followers? His words? Golconda? His ability as a supreme manipulator? Or his dedication to destroying the Inconnu with all his devoted servants?
Time will tell.

responsible for ministering the followers, directing the cult's efforts and building its influence and congregation within a given domain.
ò Domain: Chasse (òòò) Lien (òò) (a diocese domain might be a large, rich, and well-integrated area, but it is only secure if the local prince or baron is on-side.)
ò Influence (Church): (òò) (An established diocese has influence within its borders and in the cult.)
ò Herd: (òò) (the true believers, most devout of the mortal cult or those tied to the mask)
ò Mask: (òò) (a diocese can either have a well-established front, a shelter, pyramid scheme, an evangelical church, or be completely secret.)

CHILDREN OF THE BLOOD
ò Flaw: (òò) Enemies (the success of one cult in any area inevitably draws the ire of others.)
    Possible extras: Allies, Resources, Retainer, Status, a shared relic of significance to the cult, Adversary, Suspect.
Excommunicates
    "We dared to question, they dubbed us 'Apostate' and drove us out."
    Within any religion there are those who fail or fall. They learn too much too fast or say the wrong thing in front of the wrong person and find themselves the scapegoat in a witch hunt. Those who were once of the cult who are no longer, and the cult does not forget.
ò Contacts: (òòò) (the cult might have made you purge your outsider acquaintances but any you've retained are loyal or too terrified to rebel. Maybe one remains within the cult, alerting you when they're closing in.)
ò Loresheet: (òòò) (secrets discovered that led to the cult turning on you. A mistranslation or mistake in the sequence of events that irrevocably changes the narrative.)
ò Mask: (òò) (Documents, drivers' license, and passport the cult provided you with before they declared you outcast.) Special: Excommunicate coteries always have one or more Flaws (usually Excommunicated) related to the cult they escaped from, such as Adversary, Enemy or Despised. These can be applied individually for groups from multiple cults or as a coterie background for groups from a single cult.
    Possible extras: Adversary, Destitute, Influence (outside the cult), No Haven, Shunned.
Missionaries
"Hi there, do you have a little time to talk about 
Mithras?"
    Each diocese starts with a mission, trusted cult members spread the word to new, often hostile, territories. The missionary's task is building the foundation for a diocese. Lucky Kindred find themselves promoted to lead the fledgling diocese or, should the elders decree, shipped off to another mission.
ò Domain: Chasse (òò) (a target area for Missionaries is likely to hold assets valuable to the cult. Wealthy, influential mortals, abundant feeding grounds, or a place of significance to the cult.)
ò Mawla: (òòò) (deciding who spreads the word is not a task entrusted to mere neonates. The Mawla of a missionary group has influence within the cult.)
ò Resources: (òòò) (Missionary groups are usually wellfunded. Emissaries to a new territory must secure a Haven and a place to conduct worship either openly or in secret.)
ò Status: (òò) (Kindred chosen to become missionaries should have already proven themselves worthy for the task.)
Possible extras: Mask, Retainer, Suspect.
Schism
"Their truth is not 'the' truth!"
    The cults of the night are as vulnerable to schism as the faiths of the kine. Minds questioning the early translations of the word. Minor changes in inflection or interpretation change the meaning of entire verses of scripture. Leading a schism is dangerous, powerful cults reject change fervently and any vampire leading a schism needs total conviction to their cause.
ò Lore sheet: (òòò) (the keystone 'truth,' the basis of your conviction the cult has lost its way.)
ò Resources: (ò) (it takes more than an idea to beget a schism)
ò Status: (òò) (the leader of a schism is a wise or respected member of the cult already. Their status grants them access to the scriptures that prompt their discovery.)
Possible extras: Influence, Fame, Adversary, Despised, Excommunicated.
Theologian Society
    "By distilling the common elements of the cults of the night we may usher in a new dawn of understanding."
    The coterie is a cult of cultists pursuing universal truth. By comparing the various ways the Kindred worship, they might unlock a dark power or path to true redemption. This is among the most dangerous of coteries, the SPCs remain embedded within their cults but it is a brief misstep to becoming hunted excommunicates.
ò Haven: (òòò) (a clandestine location, perhaps a forgotten old speakeasy or a hidden cellar where meetings 
can be held in secret.)
ò Resources: (òò) (access to the restricted libraries, scriptures, and sensitive research materials of the members respective cults.)
ò Retainer: (òò) (a ghoul or thrall, a doorkeeper charged with watching over the coterie's Haven and steering away the uninitiated.)
Possible extras: Allies, Contacts, Suspect.
Background Refinement -  Influence (Church)
    This Background represents a coterie's collective standing within its diocese or its influence in the broader cult and what resources it can draw upon. They can buy the Influence Background as normal and customize it, or purchase the following with their dots in Influence:
ò Flaw: (òò) Condemnation. A transgression or insult against your superiors renders the Kindred or coterie pariahs. A grand show of devotion is required to gain better standing. Further failure risks replacement, expulsion, or excommunication.
ò Flaw: (ò) Out of Favor. Your performance has fallen short of expectations and your superiors are unhappy. Any requests for resources/favors from the cult hierarchy suffer a two dice penalty.
ò (ò) Devout Following. The congregation may be rallied for a purpose true to the cult's teachings. Mortal worshippers roused to public protest or Kindred raised to hunt a heretic.
ò (òò) Charitable Offerings. Donations from a wealthy and numerous congregations allow the diocese to operate self-sufficiently. Grants an equivalently ranked Haven as a meeting place and each member of the coterie may, once per story, count an additional dot of personal resources.
ò (òòò) Extremist Cell. A group of skilled humans or neonates recruited to act as a saboteur cell for the diocese purposes, (see Cults of the Blood Gods, p. 
84). The coterie must make provision for funding the cell's activities and be prepared for any consequences of cell's actions that they authorize at the storyteller's discretion.
ò (òòòò) Well-Integrated. Someone in the local cult is influential enough in both mortal and immortal circles to provide full immunity from the mundane authorities or partial immunity from the local Camarilla. Once per story, you may call in a favor for a stay of execution or similar forgiveness. Abuse of such influence will likely draw attention.
ò (òòòòò) The Next in Line. Success sees the righteous elevated to synod council or even leadership of the cult one of these nights. There are those who look forward to this day and court favor, but there are also those plotting against it. Any rolls for diplomacy within the cult receive a two dice bonus but you gain the flaw Adversary (ò).
Ready-Made  Characters
    The ancillae characters of the Charleston Chapter represent an established cult cell ready to take the next step. Each member is a known quantity within the domain but their cult activities are known only to a few. From this starting point they can be used within a story arc as antagonists undermining the Camarilla's grip on the domain of Charleston. Equally, they can be characters taken on by the players, trying to accomplish whatever goals the Storyteller deems the upper hierarchy hands down alongside their own schemes.
CHIlDreN OF THe BlOOD
LYLE MERCER COCHRANE III
epitaph: The hand-behind-the-curtain Quote: "My father saw power in money and politics, I say he lacked vision." Clan: Toreador embraced: 1863 (Born 1831)
MORTAL DAYS: THE NEW STATESMAN
    Born in Joliet, Illinois in 1838, Lyle Cochrane labored under his rich, white family legacy. Grandpappy, Lyle Cochrane I, emigrated from England, establishing the family estate, and lead men in the Revolutionary War. These were facts the boy's father, Lyle Cochrane II, never let him forget. No matter how Cochrane senior lectured, brow-beat, or horse-whipped Lyle, the family tradition of politics held no attraction for the young bon-vivant. Lyle's fascination was the music-hall countless nights he spent in the boxes, with nothing to look forward to but a beating for his rebelliousness once he got home.
    Lyle cultivated an ear for talent, an eye for beauty and a dream of owning a theatre. One day, the finest acts would grace his unrivalled stage, giving birth to a new American renaissance, far from the stuffy and aged, fading grandeur of Europe. Into this dream stepped Giancarlo and Isabella Bianchi, husband and wife singers from Italy, travelling the Americas to popularize a new, livelier form of music-hall opera mated with populist styles. Whether Lyle fell in love with Isabella or Giancarlo first, the performers recognized a budding connoisseur and patron when they welcomed him into their bed.
    Even rising tensions between Northern and Southern States couldn't drag Lyle away from the stage and carnal delights of his beneficiaries. It fell to his father to drag him back to reality instead. With the outbreak of the Civil War, he was commissioned in the Union Army and marched away to fight, without even the chance to tell his lovers. It was during the night-time retreat of the second Battle for Fort Wagner in 1863 that Lyle took a musket ball from a Confederate scout.
KINDRED NIGHTS: CURSE OF THE ANCILLAE
   When Lyle awoke, saved from a corpse-wagon, it was to learn that Isabella was a vampire of Clan Toreador and Giancarlo was her ghoul. Isabella went century to century picking a new voice to partner her own, but was never truly satisfied in the face of changing styles of music. She had to remain relevant. Rather than a co-star, what she desired in an eternal partner was a stage manager. Isabella petitioned the local vampire lore for the right to sire a childe as Lyle marched away to fight, and tracked the young soldier down.
    Lyle and his sire settled in Charleston, away from the legacy, away from politics and the corridors of power. In the decades leading into the 
20th century Lyle, Isabella, and Giancarlo became central figures in the 
Charleston arts scene, until Giancarlo's passing. Two artistic temperaments eventually sparked the touch paper and their relationship exploded spectacularly.
   Since Isabella's departure, Lyle's demeanor changed. 
His eye for perfection and performance management turned upon all facets of 
Kindred society. He chafes to finally take his place as 'director' and resents the Camarilla elders 
who suppress his true talents. It is through the cult that he sees his opportunity to bring 
his vision to life.
GUIDE TO PLAY: 
ò Camarilla: Lyle languished for near two centuries under the dusty gaze of 
the Camarilla. They have no vision, no 
panache, and no capacity to see what he is 
capable of. If only he were allowed, he could do away with the dreary, combative, and disorganized clan fealties, staging a properly ordered network of Kindred in Charleston. If 
the Camarilla can't see that, the cult will. 
ò Anarch: Why pull down the system if you have no plan to rebuild it better? As an An-
arch, Lyle uses his influence in the arts scene to 
cultivate and promote anti-establishment rhetoric, goading the Anarchs to action against the Camarilla and profiting from the ensuing chaos.

ò Cultist: Lyle is a manipulator, he schemes and plays factions against each other, looking to profit in the long-run. Whether he truly believes the cults scriptures or not, he firmly believes he has the talent to raise the cult to prominence.
BACKGROUND DETAIL:
ò Mover and Shaker (Haven 2, Influence 2, Mask 2, Resources 3, Haven Flaw 1 - Haunted) Lyle is a fixture of the entertainment scene in Charleston and has learned to change up his identity every few decades. Although he changes Mask when required, he maintains his influence among the club owners and arts patrons of the city. As well as his recently restyled (and haunted) home and healthy stock portfolio, Lyle has a vampire-friendly, inner-city club where he debuts his newest acts.
ò Heart-Breaker (Beautiful 2, Feeding Flaw 1 - Prey Exclusion, Retainer Flaw 1 - Stalker, Enemy 1) Lyle has always been attractive in a soft, androgynous way and, to this night he has a fine taste in clothes. A vampire of Lyle's reputation can't be seen drinking from anything but the finest stock, young, healthy, beautiful humans. But an expensive taste has its dangers, Lyle's latest meal won't let it go and his girlfriend isn't happy.
ò Enemies in High Places (Adversary 1) Clan elder Rodrigo, realizing the potential of influence over the culture crowd of Charleston, is attempting to muscle in on the scene. Aside from staging gauche performances of their own, they attempt to sabotage Lyle's own shows. If they learned Lyle was in the cult his nights would be numbered.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Lyle would rather face final death than appear less than immaculately turned-out. His suits are custom-made, incorporating aesthetic elements drawn from the mid 1800's but with a modern twist. His relaxed wardrobe tends toward rich shirts and slacks over jeans and t-shirts but a good leather jacket rarely goes out of style. In all other aspects he rides the crest of the fashion wave and his go-to persona is that of a charming, softly spoken talent agent. Lyle is everybody's friend (until he isn't) and those who do earn his ire rarely know about it 
CULT COTERIES
until it's too late.
ò To the mortals of Charleston, Lyle maintains a front as talent agent Alex Dubois. Using his refined eye, he picks true talents, cultivating, teaching, and molding them into artists. His current project is Ronnette Anhawe, a rising talent on the blues scene. In the past Lyle has removed agents he felt were squandering a gifted talent, taking them under his own wing to employ them to best effect. (Mask 2)
ò Lyle is something of an institution to the younger Kindred. His club is a long-standing feature of the cities nightlife and, as long as the aesthetic standard is met, everyone is welcome.
sire: Isabella Bianchi
Predator Type: Siren
Ambition: To spread disharmony among the clans of Charleston.
suggested Desire: Lyle is not a 'true believer.' He sees the cult as a means to destabilize the court of Charleston and finally take his place at its head.
Convictions: Never deny true talent.
Touchstones: Ronnette is a young blues singer, an up and comer in the bars of Charleston. She's a reminder of Lyle's old ambition to be a stage director. He is her patron and agent.
Humanity: 6
Generation: 10th
Blood Potency: 3
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2; Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Composure 3; Intelligence 
3, Wits 2, Resolve 3
secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 6
skills: Brawl 1, Firearms 1, Etiquette 3, Insight 1, Intimidation 2, Leadership 4, Performance 2 (Oration), Persuasion 3, Subterfuge 2 (Seduction); Academics 
(Theatre History) 1, Awareness 2, Finance 2, Politics 
3
Disciplines: Auspex 2 (Heightened Senses, Premonition), Celerity 1 (Cat's Grace), Presence 3 (Awe, 
Lingering Kiss, Dread Gaze)
CHILDREN OF THE BLOOD
FRANKIE BOUDREAUX 
Epitaph: Broken Brujah
Quote: "Unless you've seen it on an industrial scale, you've never seen war." Clan: Caitiff
Embraced: 1915 (Born 1891)
MORTAL DAYS: CAMISOLE 
COWBOY
   As a child, Frankie loved the Western tales of Billy the Kid and Wyatt Earp. Glorious summer afternoons were spent astride a hobbyhorse pointing finger-guns at other children. There was just one thing: 'Frankie' was born 'Francine.' During the closing of the 19th century, Frankie's Midwestern parents failed to understand their son, and their efforts to constrain him into dresses and social expectations simply drove a wedge between them. At sixteen, shortly after the turn of the century, Frankie ran away to New York and found himself in a very bad place. Without money or friends Frankie lived on the streets, making ends meet however he could. He drew inspiration from legendary figures of the West, particularly "Calamity" Jane Cannary. His exploits soon saw him picked up at the Haymarket by slumming members of the top-hat and spats crowd. Frankie enjoyed a few happy years as a face on the New York club scene. It wasn't a party without Frankie around, but the fights the young fellow had with his father as a youth left behind a quick-temper and little in the way of tolerance for bigotry or ignorance. Soon he was carousing and fighting through the back-streets, getting in trouble with cops and criminals alike. Just like Cannary, Frankie's lifestyle was spiraling out of control. Drink, drugs, and violence might have been a premature end for Frankie except there were other eyes in the alleys watching him.
    Frankie was stalked by a Brujah, James Easton, who forced the adventurous chap into thralldom. The Great War was brewing in Europe, and Easton had information that the Camarilla was looking to capitalize on the devastation by murdering ancient enemies caught in the warzones of France and Belgium. Easton dispatched Frankie to perform that very 
KINDRED NIGHTS: "WOUNDED SOLDIER"
    Frankie had to wait for the U.S. Government to mobilize the armed forces. In 1917, Frankie set foot upon the Western Front of Northern France. Even then, rather than being free to work on his domitor's behalf, he found himself thrown into the trenches. Eventually in late September 1918, he became attached to the 77th Infantry outside the Forest of Argonne, one of the sites he was supposed to search for an interred Nosferatu of significant age.
 Frankie can't precisely recalled what took place in Argonne, only that he never walked out of it alive, instead emerging as something undead. A vampire. The horrors of war and preying on the wounded and dying in the no man's land between frontlines took its toll on Frankie. Upon returning to America, things did not get better.
      The roaring '20s ought to have been a time when Frankie 
could finally put to bed any lingering dysphoria about his identity. Unfortunately, the nightmares of war and fear of his former master, Easton, poisoned his mind and he fell back into old bad habits, constantly drinking from intoxicated vessels 
and fighting his way through the alleys of 
 New York until, amid the rise of puritan standards in the 1950s, he was expelled from 
the city for good.
GUIDE TO PLAY:
ò Camarilla: Frankie is suspect, the stories of New York follow him like a bad smell but he proves useful when violence is necessary. From Frankie's point of view, the Camarilla's feudal leadership differs only slightly from the demented generals of World War I, everyone clawing for a few scraps of influence or reputation and willing to sacrifice those below the guns to get it.
ò Anarch: While a valuable addition to any 
Anarch group, Frankie is volatile. Operations must be justified and possible risks accounted 
 before he agrees. Frankie doesn't follow blindly and won't just be another body for the count. 
Frankie reasons that a bad officer is better off dead, and a good soldier better know how to kill them.
ò Cultist: Frankie is looking for something to believe in and as long as there's a competent leader involved, grasps it with both hands. While the scripture proves a balm for Frankie's soul, he doesn't follow blindly.
BACKGROUND DETAIL:
ò Angel of Mercy (Feeding Merit 1 - Bloodhound, 
Feeding Merit 3 - Iron Gullet, Feeding Flaw 1 - Prey Exclusion, Mythic Flaw 1 - Stigmata) The youth of a generation was sacrificed on the fields of Western Europe and Frankie cannot bring himself to feed on the young and vital. Instead, he hunts alleys, looking for transients and OD's, the recently dead or the terminally ill. They are Frankie's prey; he imagines he is offering them solace in ending their suffering.
ò Stubborn as Hell (Bonding Merits 2 - Short Bond) Frankie's favorite phrase is, "They only have influence over you if you let them." He's notoriously bull-headed and that extends to attempts to bond him. 
ò Toni (Contact 2) Frankie met Toni outside an AA meeting a couple years back. Toni was struggling to adapt after returning from deployment, Frankie was cruising for a meal. Toni recognized the lingering traits of a soldier in Frankie and they got talking. Toni has contacts in the local National Guard and can occasionally obtain military grade surplus.
ò Day to Day, Hand to Mouth (Haven 1, Resources 1, Mask 3 - Cobbler) Frankie never really thought about 'the future' but now that future stretches ahead indefinitely. Since coming to Charleston Frankie has secured a basement apartment and a series of night-jobs that at least allow him to make rent. He can also lay hands on some pretty good fake IDs for a little extra cash.
ò Not Here to Make Friends (Herd Flaw 2 - Obvious Predator, Infamy 1, Status Flaw 1 - Suspect) Frankie's attitude and demeanor ensure most mortals give him a wide berth and the stories about his expulsion from New York don't help his reputation with most Kindred. Despite the rumors about him, Frankie has lost the taste for senseless violence, leaning on intimidation in most cases.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Frankie was never much moved by thoughts of maintaining outward appearances, even after the Embrace, but he adamantly stamps his identity into 
CULT COTERIES
whatever space or outfit he currently occupies, and Frankie is far from skin and bones. Frankie stands at 5'7" and could be described as stocky. He carries an air of subtle menace and surety with him that makes most people remember him as being much bigger than he really is.
ò Soldiers of the early 1900s didn't sport the crew-cuts of the modern era, but Frankie still keeps it short and serviceable alongside functional, hard-wearing clothes. One garment that does make repeat appearances in Frankie's street wear is a coarse, woolen 'doughboy' tunic, circa 1917. Holes are patched with leather, tears stitched with whatever thread or twine Frankie can lay hands on. The coat embodies the very idea of 'make do and mend.'
Sire: Unknown Soldier
Predator Type: Grave Robber
Ambition: Quiet the nightmares of the Forest of Argonne. 
Suggested Desire: Frankie wants to find one of two things. His sire, whoever it may be, and Easton, to make peace for his failure a century ago.
Convictions: Loyalty is earned, not demanded; Violence is the last resort.
Touchstones: Toni, another wounded soldier, bears a startling likeness to James Easton, and Tiana, a server at the bar Frankie frequents. He happily tosses a drunk or letch out with his judo training and he always takes hot coffee to the vagrants in the alley during wintry weather.
Humanity: 6
Generation: 11th
Blood Potency: 3
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Composure 3; Intelligence 2, Wits 2, Resolve 2
Secondary Attributes: Health 7, Willpower 5 Skills: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Drive 2, Firearms (Rifle) 3, Larceny 2, Melee 3, Stealth 2; Intimidation 3, 
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2 (Smuggler); Awareness 
2, Investigation 2, Medicine (Cadavers) 1, Occult 1, Technology 1
Disciplines: Celerity 1 (Cat's Grace), Fortitude 1, (Resilience), Potence 3 (Lethal Body, Prowess, Spark of Rage), Presence 1 (Daunt)
CHIlDreN OF THe BlOOD
MARY-JANE HOLLINGSWORTH 
epitaph: Failed Leader
Quote: "It can all get too much, even for a Ventrue." Clan: Ventrue embraced: 1885 (Born 1858)
MORTAL DAYS: A STAR ON THE RISE
    Mary-Jane's father was a well-placed Washington lawyer, who happened to also be the favored ghoul to a prominent Ventrue of the era. Emotionally detached parents in a rich family might be the norm for the 19th century, but it certainly wasn't the case for Mary-Jane. It was to her father's joy when the girl showed daunting intellect and an overwhelming strength of character among her peers. Her father, ever proud, even passed this glowing report on to his typically dispassionate domitor. For some reason, word of Mary-Jane's capabilities awoke something in the old vampire.
    With the support of both her father and her new anonymous patron, Mary-Jane attended law school in 1880, following in the footsteps of Arabella Mansfield and Ada Kepley. Though difficult for a young woman in a male-dominated institution, Mary-Jane excelled. She was labeled as an outsider, but through force of will (and the subtle influences of her eventual sire) persevered. After graduating and being accepted by the Washington BAR association, Mary-Jane was finally introduced to her shadowy patron: Lady Augustine Vermont, elder of Clan Ventrue.
    Without revealing her true nature, Augustine taught Mary-Jane, refining the already brilliant mind into a precision tool destined for leadership. Mary-Jane might have been the first female judge or stateswomen were it not, when Augustine deemed it so, her destiny to be Embraced and brought into the fold.
KINDRED NIGHTS: DOWN IN FLAMES
    Augustine and Mary-Jane proved a formidable pair. Mary-Jane's hunger for knowledge easily matched her thirst for blood. She gorged herself on every expertise she was offered. As she had done in life, she rose ever higher, taking the responsibilities that came with success in stride.
    It was 1929 when the cracks formed. At Augustine's direction, Mary-Jane was managing their stocks on Wall Street when the share price plummeted. 
That crack in the illusion of control was a savage blow to Mary-Jane's confidence, but with careful guidance from her sire, and distance from the market, she recovered.
    After the crash, Mary-Jane exhibited over-cautious tendencies Augustine did not tolerate. In 1983, Mary-Jane was re-embedded in the stock market on Wall Street. Her performance pleased her sire, but steadily the childe developed a dependency on cocaine-affected blood to deal with a gnawing anxiety that something was about to go wrong.
And so it did.
   In the wake of the 1987 crash Mary-Jane fell apart. She was done with leadership, done with the pressure to be perfect and always in control. Control itself was an illusion, a point made agonizingly clear when Mary-Jane revealed her true nature to Ray, a floor trader she was feeding from and routinely interfering with, mentally. She took Ray as a ghoul after confessing everything to him, but forever damaged the clan's confidence in her judgment. Whenever Augustine tried to hand over the reins, Mary-Jane refused them, ultimately coming to blows with her sire. That was a step too far. 
Beaten figuratively 
and literally, Mary-Jane was cast from her sire's sight. MaryJane moved from place to place, looking for a city she might settle in. She finally landed in Charleston.
    These nights, Mary-Jane uses her experience under the guise of Helena Warren, CFA to offer expensive fiscal consultation to a hand-picked portfolio of overseas clients. This pays for her life of modest luxury, hotel suite and room service. It's not the life she grew accustomed to, but it isn't nearly as demanding. Still, even as she rebels against taking up authority, she still yearns for a cause. 
GUIDE TO PLAY:
ò Camarilla: Other Ventrue look down upon MaryJane with barely hidden disdain or the same sympathy they might show a broken toy. Either view is unwarranted. Mary-Jane has thrown off the yoke of leadership in exchange for personal freedom, but that's not to say she won't follow and quickly prove herself an indispensable and formidable asset.
ò Anarch: Mary-Jane makes for a valuable spy. She knows all the mores and manners of court vampires and has academic abilities any prince, baron, or seneschal would, if not kill for, pay a handsome sum to access.
ò Cultist: The illusion of control is broken for MaryJane, she has seen the fall of powerful institutions and the ruin it brings. She longs for something simpler, a purpose or calling where she can employ her expertise at the behest of others rather than holding authority over them. That is what the cult can offer her.
BACKGROUND DETAIL:
ò Beauty and Brains (Looks 2 - Beautiful, Status Flaw 1 - Disliked) While Mary-Jane is beautiful enough to draw attention and admiration from mortals, she doesn't suffer fools, a trait the local Kindred know well. She possesses a sharp wit and the intellect to back it up.
ò Living Within your Means (Resources 3, Retainer 2, Mask 2, Haven Flaw 2 - Compromised) Although cut-off from Augustine's phenomenal wealth, MaryJane's possesses healthy personal funds. She hesitates to tie herself to one place and prefers appropriately outfitted hotel rooms despite the lack of security. One thing she cannot live without is a ghoul 'associate' as a reminder of both the comforts of the life she lost and the burden of responsibility.
ò Shadows of Days Past (Dark Secret Flaw 1 - Masquerade Breach, Feeding Flaw 1 - Prey Exclusion, Substance Use Flaw 1 - Addict) At her height, Mary-Jane had blood dolls lining up to slake her thirst and that consent is still important to her, 
CulT COTerIes
though it has led to her revealing her secret more than once. In the 1980s she developed a habit from feeding on coked-up traders and has never shaken it.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò Mary-Jane's heritage is central European. Her features are classically proportioned, as the renaissance painters might have depicted. She maintains a professional look. Elegantly cut suits, tight, almost severe hair and subdued makeup are her go-to unless she's out on the town; that is when she employs her natural beauty to full-effect.
ò Even Mary-Jane's financial portfolio needs a periodic injection of capital and she maintains a mask as a freelance financial advisor. Helena Warren (CFA) advises a select group of overseas clientele in American based investments and asset management. (Mask 2)
sire: Lady Augustine Vermont Predator Type: Consensualist
Ambition: Mary-Jane misses the luxury she left behind, and longs to return to the highlife unless it means stepping into the crosshairs of leadership again.
suggested Desire: Mary-Jane wants to serve a purpose. She wants to believe in something, but the fragile and corrupt institutions of mortals and the Kindred are not it. She could find solace in grace or damnation in equal measure.
Convictions: Influence must be used responsibly.
Touchstones: Ray is Mary-Jane's ghoul. In an attempt to surrender control, she maintains an attendant ghoul to oversee daily details and arrangements. She tries to not override his free will, as she sees him more as an associate than a servant.
Humanity: 7
Generation: 10th
Blood Potency: 2
Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2; Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Composure 2; Intelligence 
4, Wits 3, Resolve 2
secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 4 skills: Larceny (Fraud) 2, Stealth 2; Etiquette 3, Insight 2, Persuasion (Vessels) 2, Streetwise 2; Academics (Law) 4, Awareness 2, Finance 3, Investigation 1, Occult 2, Politics 3, Technology 2 Disciplines: Dominate 2 (Cloud Memory, Mesmerize), Fortitude 1 (Unswayable Mind), Presence 3 
(Awe, Lingering Kiss, Entrancement)
CHIlDreN OF THe BlOOD
CHAPEL 
epitaph: The Heart of the Pantomime, the Harlequin
Quote: "Grossly detested, I have coerced you here tonight..." Clan: Malkavian embraced: 1942 (Born 1909)
MORTAL DAYS: PENNIES FROM HEAVEN
   Juanita Carlos-Ortiz travelled the Midwest throughout the 1930s bringing "the good word" and her "healing touch" to small towns during the Great Depression. The only good it did was to line her desperate family's pockets. A disgraced pharmacist, Juanita's father struggled to find work after his discharge from the U.S. Army after the Great War. He would lace the water at the meetings with amphetamines and whip the crowd to a righteous fervor before unveiling Juanita to bestow her gifts upon the hyped-up congregation, for a nominal fee. Later, while the parishioners slept, there would be a spate of house break-ins, but no one dared accuse a child touched by the Lord, and after a few house calls, and more liberally applied chemical stimulants, the show would leave the town much poorer for its passage.
    Unfortunately for Juanita, her family crossed paths with a travelling circus. Daddy used the "depravity of the circus" to profound effect during his sermon, the words affecting the townsfolk to such a degree, a gang of men marched on the carnival, overturning stalls, and burning tents. The carnival folk responded measure for measure and soon learned why the men had marched on their show with such zeal. Unknown to the Carlos family, Patrick Mustard, an emissary of a group known as the Midnight Circus, drove out to pay them back. Something in the young woman stayed the vampire's fangs, though he'd already eviscerated Juanita's parents. The violence of the attack rendered the youngster malleable and presented an opportunity.
    For several years after, Juanita's Model-T, complete with a suitable chaperone, followed behind the carnival, offering a spiritual balm for the guilty souls who engaged in the shows immorality and licentiousness for the bargain price of five cents per soul saved.
KINDRED NIGHTS: LIFE IN THE LIMELIGHT
    Eventually it was time for Juanita to take her place in the night and Pat Embraced his new childe, sending her into the world. Juanita emerged from her shallow grave as "Chapel" and set about under the evangelist persona "The Reverend Charles," travelling around preaching God's word, sowing confusion and doubt in the righteous and pure.
 The rise of online evangelism, and Facebook groups and Twitter feeds dedicated to fundamentalist thinking, delights Chapel. Now she can deliver her message to thousands at a time, and the resulting friction and flame wars as people of faith and atheists analyze her ambiguous sermons online fills with joy. Inquiring Kindred might question whether Chapel's chosen entertainment is advisable, afraid she might stumble upon dangerously religious mortals. 
To this, Chapel comments: "What passes for mortal 'faith' these days is mostly bigotry, ignorance, and low-grade existential dread. I merely make all of that profitable." 
GUIDE TO PLAY:
ò Camarilla: Chapel is playing a dangerous game by putting herself so close to the faithful community. But the priest 
is influential and often the first person 
the flock runs to with their problems... and 
their secrets.
ò Anarch: Chapel might well be the leader of a dedicated hit crew. A few carefully chosen 
word or hints passed via one of her streams and, all of a sudden, a problematic Camarilla has a dozen or more religious zealots camped out on their lawn ready to douse the punk in holy water or even set him on fire.
ò Cultist: Chapel is a valuable asset, a figurehead able to shroud the Kindred's activities behind the veil of a gaudy mortal religion. As she pushes the parody of her persona the risk of the illusion crumbling, or worse, exploding violently increases.
BACKGROUND DETAIL: 
ò Living the Dream (Contact 1, Fame 2, Herd 2, Influence 2, Looks 2, Mask 2) Chapel masks as a celebrity of the revivalist Baptist scene. Her Twitch show of songs and sermons sows discord among the kine while she reaps the benefits. The celebrity of the Reverend is sufficient that her agent, Benny, has the local network paying rent on a modest property in a gated community. 
ò The Price of Fame (Haven Flaw 2 - Compromised, 
Influence Flaw 1 - Disliked, Folkloric Bane 1 - Holy Water, Retainer Flaw 1 - Stalkers) Celebrity has its downsides. The Reverend has her detractors (who Chapel takes great care to cultivate) and, in flexing her influence on the voting public, has engendered hostility from the civic authorities. Chapel has been in the Camarilla's bad books a long time. Her pantomime is a severe risk to the Masquerade.
MASK AND MIEN:
ò The mask of "The Reverend Charles" is one Chapel has developed over a long time and she's still pushing the boundaries of the parody. It includes blue pastel suits, slick hair, and a manufactured past in the army. Chapel plays the stereotype card hard, watching for the moment when the audience takes the hint that they themselves are being parodied. (Mask 2)
ò When the performance is over, in private or among fellow Kindred, Chapel makes no attempt to mask her disdain for the mortals who follow her. She revels in conning them out of their money, perverting their faith, and making the whole gullible compact a laughing stock for their fellow mortals. 
ò Any appearances the Reverend Charles makes are obviously held at night because, as the Reverend herself says: "It's no good raising a candle to the sun." Her followers interpret the words as a call to arms to face the darkness in all its forms. Chapel simply laughs over their collective gullibility. 
CULT COTERIES
sire: Patrick Mustard
Predator Type: Scene Queen
Ambition: Chapel is pushing the parody to breaking point, watching the fervent eyes of the kine for the moment they realize he's made fools of them, that moment when they consume themselves in a frenzy of piteous anguish. 
suggested Desire: Chapel obsesses over the nature of faith. With so much time possibly ahead, her greatest desire is to explore the nature of faith without the prospect of an afterlife or the threat of death to act as carrot and stick. Golconda is just the first step. Convictions: Never let someone's faith go untested.
Touchstones: Chapel sometimes visits Sister Agnes; an aging, cynical and misanthropic nun. She saw the corrupt and perverted tastes of clergymen, felt the backlash of speaking out, and yet, she holds onto her faith. Still she grumbles about the failing morals of humanity even while she tends at elderly care homes or soup kitchens for the homeless.
Humanity: 6
Generation: 11th
Blood Potency: 2
Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Composure 2, Intelligence 
3, Wits 4, Resolve 3 secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 5 skills: Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Drive 1, Larceny 1, Melee 1, Stealth 1; Etiquette (Baptists) 3, Insight 2, 
Leadership (Baptists) 2, Performance (Oration) 4, 
Persuasion 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2; Academics 
(Theology) 3, Awareness 2, Investigation 2, Occult 3, Politics 2, Technology 1
Disciplines: Auspex 1 (Sense the Unseen), Dominate 1 (Cloud Memory), Obfuscate 2 (Silence of 
Death, Unseen Passage)



New  
Advantages
"A powerful vampire knows how to use both its qualities and weaknesses to its advantage.  
For instance, my fangs are uncomfortably long, but they make my victims scream exquisitely."
- Malenkov, Clan Lasombra

Within this chapter you'll find a broad spread of optional new Merits, Flaws, Bloodlines, and Loresheets for players to purchase and for Storytellers to assign to their SPCs. While some are geared toward specific cults, most are designed to be easily altered to fit any character. In all cases, the acquisition of new Merits and Flaws should be discussed between player and Storyteller, to ensure they fit within the planned chronicle.
Merits and Flaws
    While a cult's leaders expound only on the benefits membership brings - access to the cult's assets, connections to power, a family who understands who you truly are - its drawbacks can be ruinous. Devoting yourself to the group requires severing ties with your loved ones, shoveling money into the church's coffers, or incriminating yourself to prove your loyalty. 
    While some Merits and Flaws below are listed under their associated cult, players and Storytellers can adapt them to other cults as appropriate.
Apocryphal Texts (ò) 
    You possess the writings of one of your church's founders or prominent figures. While they're not official canon, the revelations within make you a sought-after expert. Gain two dice on related Intelligence rolls. 
    Taken as a Flaw, the texts aren't merely apocryphal, they're considered dangerous by your cult's leaders. On social combat rolls involving the writings, increase the Willpower damage modifier by 1. 
Inspired Artist (òòò) 
    You channel your divine fervor into art. You're a painter, a singer, a poet, a sculptor, and your creations inspire all who experience it. Any artwork you craft consisting of your cult's symbology or channeling its message has an entrancing effect similar to the Presence power of Awe (see Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 267), with onlookers being able to resist with a Composure + Intelligence roll (Difficulty 3).



Memories of the Fallen (Thin-Bloods) (òò) 
   Partaking of Ashe grants the user memories of the Kindred who died to make the drug. You're extremely receptive to the visions you have under its influence, keenly feeling the echoes of their power and experiences. On Blood Alchemy rolls relating to Ashe, 9s count as 10s.
    Flaw (òò): Ashe Addiction The need to relive other Kindred's memories and wield their power is a constant clamour in your mind. In addition to the Ashe Addiction rules in Cults of the Blood Gods (p. 46), after a failed Blood Alchemy roll, the character suffers a two dice penalty to all actions for the rest of the chapter.
Bahari
Gardener (ò to òòòòò) 
    As a faithful Ba'ham, you lead a Garden of your own. You guide new initiates, lead rituals, and direct those who walk in your Garden to carry out the Dark Mother's will. This Merit acts as a selective form of the Herd and Influence Backgrounds, where the adherents (mortal and Kindred) feed you willingly, providing they receive the religious teachings and guidance of the Bahari, and you gain the region specified as territory. If ever you fall out of favor with the cult, this Merit goes with your reputation. 
ò 	Small Garden - 1-5 mortal adherents, located 
in a small, private space. The garden is no bigger than a few potted plants or containers.
òò 	Growing Garden - 5-10 mortal adherents, 1-2 other Kindred, located in a slightly bigger private space. This may be a rooftop garden in the city or a backyard greenhouse in a rural area.
òòò 	Community Garden - 10-30 mortal adherents, 
3-5 other Kindred. The garden is a larger plot of land, about an acre. This may be part of a city park or a town green.
òòòò 	Sprawling Garden - 30-50 mortal adherents, up to a dozen Kindred. The garden covers a large swath of land: an entire city park, an orchard in the country.
òòòòò 	Major Garden - over 50 mortal adherents, more than a dozen Kindred, several of whom may branch out into Gardens of their own and oversee Rituals. The garden's territory covers an entire city, or several towns in rural areas.
NEW ADVANTAGES
Dark Mother's Song (òò) 
    Your words make the listener's pain and grief resonate like a struck harp. You drive them to deeper and deeper insights and plant the seeds of justice and vengeance in their hearts. Add three dice to Manipulation rolls when you're convincing others to take up the worship of Lilith.
Church of Caine
Fire Resistant (ò) 
    You've participated in the Sacrament of Firewalking (Cults of the Blood Gods, p. 64) several times. As a result, your body is able to withstand exposure to flames outside of the ritual setting. You may take convert Aggravated Health damage to Superficial Health damage, up to your Blood Potency in Health boxes.
Flaw (ò): Schism (Lasombra) 
    One of your great-grandsires was among the members of the Night Clan participating in purging the Church of Caine several centuries ago. Others within the Crimson Curia eye you warily, lest you share your predecessor's views in modern nights. Suffer a two dice penalty on Social rolls with other members of your cult.
Church of Set
Fixer (òò) 
    With little more than a brief conversation, you know what people want. Even when - especially when - it's something they ought not have. You procure questionable goods for your clients. If word of such acquisitions got out, they'd be ruined. You keep their secrets because it's good business, but sometimes that leverage comes in handy. Once per story, call in a favor from or threaten to expose a former client who has something you need. This may be using their political pull, granting access to restricted files, or even require the client to perform a criminal act. Once you've called in a favor from this client, they can't be leveraged in this way again.

Go to Ground (ò) 
   The Church of Set teaches its members to be mobile, ready to slip away into the shadows if persecutors come calling. You're prepared to disappear with a moment's notice: exit routes mapped out, go bag prepared. Add two dice to rolls to evade pursuit.
Vigilant (òò) 
    The Church of Set has an unfair reputation for paranoia, when in fact they instill in every initiate the need to keep eyes in the back of one's head, having been subject to persecution for centuries. Staying alert keeps the cult safe. Once per chapter, if the Storyteller is having an SPC surveil you or about to ambush you, they will ask you to make a Wits + Awareness roll (Difficulty variable, dependent on whether the person or device monitoring you is hidden, and if a person, how many successes they roll on Dexterity or Wits + Stealth). Success allows you to detect the person or thing keeping you under watch. Failure means you don't spot the spy, but you do still possess the feeling of being watched.
    Flaw (òò): False Alarms The hairs on the back of your neck stand up. Your skin crawls. You feel the weight of unseen eyes upon you, even when you're certain you're alone. Your danger sense is not only always on, it's in constant overdrive ... and it's not always right. All failed Awareness rolls count as total failures (Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 122). The Storyteller may name up to three people or pieces of equipment in the scene the character believes is watching them. Any or all may be utterly benign.
Cult of Shalim
Gematria (ò) 
    The Cult of Shalim uses a coded cipher called the gematria in their missives. You understand the system and can encrypt or decrypt messages using it.
Insidious Whispers (òò) 
    The Embrace cracks a person's very core, throwing into question everything she believed before her death. Many Kindred shore up their senses of self with ambitions, dreams, and ideals to see them through the long nights. As a Shalimite, you flow like water into those cracks, widening them until they split. When you make a Social roll to undermine a character's Conviction (based on you guessing or interpreting it or something close to it), 10s count as immediate critical successes without needing to roll two.
    Flaw (òòò): Empty You've carved away all of your fleeting, temporal joys. No bonds of love or lofty ambitions remain. While within the cult, hollowness is good, that emptiness radiates from you in a way that disturbs the uninitiated. People try to extricate themselves from your presence quickly, making it hard to have more than superficial conversations with them. Subtract two dice from Social rolls. 
Mithraic Mysteries
Bargainer (ò) 
    Mithras was a god of merchants and traders, and as his devotee you see both the value and drawbacks to any deals you broker. Reduce the Difficulty on rolls to assess a transaction by 1. 
Bull-Slayer (òòò) 
    Like Mithras, when you set your sights on a target, you pursue it until it falls. You may suffer setbacks, but you don't give up - you adapt. During each component of an extended test, reroll up to two failures (providing your equivalent Attribute for the test - Stamina, Composure, or Resolve - isn't rated at 1, where if it is, you can reroll one failure per component).
    Flaw (òò): Failed Initiate You faltered while taking one (or several) of the Seven Steps, and your Pater has assigned a Mawla to ensure your future success. While it reflects the cult's investment in you, this Mawla watches - and scrutinizes - your every move. She may interrupt your plans at whim, offering instruction and demand you prove yourself at inconvenient times. 
Nephilim
Archangel's Grace (òò) 
    You've invested considerable time in dance studios, gymnasiums, and dojos owned by fellow Nephilim. The training makes your movements lithe and assured, every gesture an art form in itself. You may use your Performance Skill in place of your Athletics Skill, or vice versa, when engaged in what for mortals would be a cardio-heavy physical exertion such as fighting, fleeing, or dancing.
or claimed an alcove in the catacomb where the cult's founder is said to have slept. Other cultists view you as the custodian of a holy place. Once per story, you may call on a small group of cultists to help defend your haven if it's threatened.
Shrine (ò to òòò) 
You keep a shrine in your haven. 
ò 	Tabletop Shrine - The space is no bigger than a desktop or small table, with items that easily fit in a drawer or a box you can stow beneath a loose floorboard: a few candles, a ritual bowl, a small vial of Vitae. You may perform Level One rituals, if they can be done solo.
òò 	Moderate Shrine - You've devoted a room 
solely to worship, complete with a small altar and several items relevant to your faith. You may perform rituals of Level Three and below and can accommodate one or two other worshipers in the space.
òòò 	Large Shrine - You've spent considerable time and resources on making the shrine as close to your faith's temples and basilicas as you can. You may perform rituals of Level Four and below and can accommodate up to 10 other worshipers in the space. 

Domain
    A coterie whose domain overlaps with their cult's area of influence enjoys the benefits if its proximity, while also potentially absorbing some of the dangers association with the cult brings. When building your coterie's domain, consider how the cult affects its chasse, lien, and portillon. Below are a few Merits and Flaws you might wish to apply or adapt.
Built-in Flock (Chasse) (ò) 
    The cult maintains a front that attracts mortals such as a Shalimite self-help center or Cinder Institute-sponsored retreats. Once per week, coterie members may visit this establishment to feed.
Mithraeum (Chasse) (òò) 
    Your coterie's domain overlaps with the local Mithraeum. Your coterie acts as enforcers for the cult's protection racket, and in exchange gains access to its resources. Reduce the Difficulty on hunting rolls in your domain by 1. Flaw: (òò) Disputed Domain (Chasse): Your cult's domain overlaps with a rival organization's territory, causing frequent tension and conflicts over resources. A group of Bahari may butt heads with members of Gorgo's Nest, or Church of Set square off against the Cult of Mithras. Whenever you encounter its members, immediately roll to resist fury frenzy. For each subsequent encounter, subtract one die from the roll. The start of a new story resets the dice pool.
Community Outreach (Lien) (ò) 
    The cult performs acts of community service and has earned the residents' goodwill. It makes frequent donations to food banks or turns abandoned lots into community gardens, though it might hide these activities under a different name. Locals recognize your character or coterie as part of that group. Add one bonus die to rolls when working with mortals in your domain.
    Flaw: (òò) Visibility. Someone's got it in their heads that the cult's bad news. Whether they're right or not, any spaces associated with the cult are watched. This may take the form of a lone conspiracy theorist posting members' comings and goings on social media, a handful of bored teens holding up signs outside the meeting-place of the cult's self-actualization classes, or a full-on protest attracting journalists and TV cameras. Increase the difficulty on rolls to hunt in the Domain by 2. 
Networked (Portillon) (ò) 
    You share access to the cult's security precautions. If they have security cameras around their temple, you can log in to the live feed. If a security team patrols the block, the guards recognize you as a member. Once per story, the coterie can use this asset in defense of its domain. For example, it may pull footage of an intruder, or ask the patrol to expand their beat for a few nights.
    Flaw: (ò) Shared Vulnerabilities Despite your coterie's precautions, the cult's own security is lax - a weakness your foes can exploit to get to you. Enemies who take advantage of this add two dice to attempts to intrude on the coterie's domain. 
Bloodlines and  Loresheets
    The Children of the Blood are varied and unique. With these Bloodlines and Loresheets, you can tie their faiths, beliefs, lives, and heritages closer to your character. 
Bloodlines
    Bloodlines are a special kind of Background that represents a unique heritage your character has. These represent the Rossellini and Milliner families in Clan Hecata. 
    You can only choose one Bloodline, but you may purchase one Bloodline and one additional, non-lineage related Loresheet. 
Loresheets
    Most of these Loresheets are connected to some of the characters in this book. For example, the Ashfinders, the One True Way, and the Cleopatrans allow your character to join the faiths of The Operator (p. XX) Miss Fitzimmons (p. XX), or Belinde Buch (p. XX). 
    The Amaranthans, Cleopatras, and Meneleans are other Kindred faiths your character may join. These Loresheets expand upon their descriptions in Cults of the Blood Gods.

L I T T L E S I B L I N G S 
( B L O O D L I N E , H E C A T A C H A R A C T E R S O N L Y )

he Rossellini and the Giovanni were once rivals in necromancy. The Rossellini had more talent, but the Giovanni had more ambition. That led to 
the latter becoming the Clan of Death for 500 years, and the other becoming a minor bloodline. The two families share many traits, save for one: ghost manipulation. The Giovanni prefer to coax and cajole, with an occasional threat. The Rossellini begin with threats, browbeating, and dominating wraiths into doing their bidding. The Family takes a sadistic glee using Oblivion. 
   As a Rossellini, the Shadowlands are your playground. Sure, your enslaved wraiths were human, just like you were, but you conquered death. They are the pitiful remains, doomed to lament about what they once had. The least you can do is give purpose to their miserable unlives. One day you'll die and join their sorrowful ranks, but for now, you will show your cousins the true 

depths of Oblivion. 
LORE

ò Grave Attitude: Your experience commanding wraiths taught you that even the Kindred will eventually cross the Shroud. This certainty gives you peace. In any attempt to intimidate or manipulate you, your aggressors always suffer a one die penalty, which stacks with other penalties. 
òò Ghostly Dominance: You brook no tolerance for the pleas and threats of the intangible dead. They are your tools. If they don't see it that way, you will remind them. When you damage a wraith's fetter, loved ones, or ectoplasmic form, you receive three bonus dice to any rolls to command them. 
òòò Necromantic Expertise: Your siblings in the Giovanni see Oblivion as a means to an end. You know Oblivion is more than that. It's a wonderous art, one that rewards those with the patience and ruthlessness to examine its depths. When you perform an Oblivion Ceremony, decrease the Difficulty level by one. 
òòòò Stolen Will: Ghosts are bundles of emotion cased in an ectoplasmic shell. While some Hecata slake their hunger from ghosts, you know a more sustainable use. When you bite into the fetter of a ghost under your command hard enough to damage it or cause it injury, the fetter bleeds ectoplasm drawn from the ghost's corpus. Consuming this bitter, stringy substance mends an amount of Aggravated or Superficial Willpower damage equivalent to the ghost's Willpower rating. 
òòòòò Purge: You shred corpuses with ease. Any attack made on a ghost always causes Aggravated Health damage, even outside of the Shadowlands. You are also capable of striking them when they are intangible. 

G R U D G E M A S T E R S 
( B L O O D L I N E , H E C A T A C H A R A C T E R S O N L Y )

I
n the 1950s, the Milliner family joined Clan Giovanni out of spite. They weren't known for their prowess with Oblivion, but their connections helped 
the clan survive major shifts in organized crime, and the rise of the Second Inquisition. Their only reward was more work and tighter restrictions on feeding and the Embrace, something the Family Reunion did little to rectify. The Milliners have the most responsibilities and the least respect. 
    As a Milliner, you're not a household name like the Clintons or the Waltons, but the right people double-take when they hear it. You know that the Giovanni haven't and won't give you the credit you deserve, and it's a deep and simmering grudge, one of the most important among the many you hold. Now everyone is one big happy family, it's time to air all those grudges out. After all, you've got plenty of new cousins that'd just 

love payback. 
LORE

ò You Know Who I Am: The Milliners are a true American dynasty, and the name carries a power even now and outside of the United States. Once per story, when you invoke the legacy of the Milliner line, you may add three dice to a Social roll. 
òò Family Bank: The family has plenty of money, but anyone that calls upon that fortune needs to repay with cash, blood, or labor. Once per story, you may borrow money from a new or existing Milliner SPC. You have Resources 5 for the rest of the story but owe that SPC a favor that must be fulfilled before the end of the story. Your Storyteller will tell you the favor, and the consequences you face if that debt isn't repaid when the story ends. 
òòò Perfect Grudges: The Milliners are known for their grudges, but you're the true poster child. When you are slighted or beaten on a roll by a SPC, you may create a Project (Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 415) dedicated to taking revenge. Its Launch Roll automatically succeeds, and you may add two dice to any Goal Rolls. The character can have as many grudge Projects as their dots in Composure. Any aspirations of revenge beyond that limit are regular Projects. 
òòòò You Owe Me: The Milliners always get their due, even at the worst possible times. Once per story, you may spend a Willpower and declare an SPC in the scene owes you a favor in secret, and it's now due. The SPC must fulfill that favor to the best of their ability by the end of the story, as decided by the Storyteller. 
òòòòò Friends in High Places: The Milliners' connections in law enforcement turned them on would-be vampire hunters. This is more difficult these days, but you still have the little black books. Pick a faction within the Second Inquisition (FIRSTLIGHT, the Entity, a local intelligence agency, etc.). Once per story, when that faction acts against you, you may automatically redirect that action onto any enemy Kindred SPC. If they survive, that SPC will know you are to blame.

T H E A S H F I N D E R S  
( T H I N - B L O O D E D C H A R A C T E R S O N L Y )

T
he Ashfinders is a cult for the modern era. Its word is spread over the internet, its holy land is the island of Ibiza, and its sacred ritual is developing 
designer drugs. The brainchild of a renegade Tremere and an influential Duskborn, the Ashfinders are a radical new form of Golconda cult. They seek transcendence through the creation and consumption of Ashe, formulated from the ashes of deceased full-blooded vampires. The drug is ineffective on mortals and full-blooded vampires, but in thin-blooded, it enhances their blood and can even grant them memories or abilities from the dead vampires mixed into the concoction. The cult hypes themselves with social media posts and advertises as a New Age solution to mortals, and an exciting journey into enlightenment to Mercurians. What the trendsetters don't talk about is Ashe's highly addictive nature, and the strange creatures the drug's creation generates. 
    As an initiate of the Ashfinders, you find yourself in a thrilling, dangerous time. You're certain that you've found a new path out of your condition, even if some of your full-blooded peers consider your faith a complicated form of diablerie. Let those wizened old has-beens believe what they want. They can either get with the program or find 

themselves in your furnaces. 
LORE

òInfluencer: As a member of the Cinder Institute, the Ashfinders' mortal-facing front, you've developed some sway among mortals. This keeps your cult hidden in plain sight. Pick a local subculture. You receive two dots of Influence over that subculture. 
òò Shard Defense: Beast Shards, known among the Ashfinders as "Shards," are the monstrous remains of dead vampires used in the Ashe creation process. They flicker in and out of existence and manipulate human emotions. You've become an expert a hunting and destroying Shards, and it's carried over to similar creatures. When you are hit by spectral claws or other forms of semi-material weaponry, you always take -1 damage.   
òòò Addiction Resistance: 
Ashe addiction (Cults of the 
Blood Gods, p. 46) drives a Duskborn into a vicious cycle of hunger and frenzy. You've developed a natural resistance to that cycle. When you take Ashe, make a Rouse Check. You suffer a point of Superficial Willpower damage if you fail that Rouse Check, but Hunger will not increase. 
òòòòò Strange New Forms: Ashe is exclusively made using the fixatio distillation method 
(Vampire: The Masquerade, 
p. 284). Alchemists who join the Ashfinders quickly become versatile in multiple forms of distillation to accommodate, and you're no different. When you learn an additional Thin-Blood Alchemy distillation, you may choose up to four formulae to carry over to that new form of distillation without having to spend experience points. Ashfinder Blood Alchemy (Cults of the Blood Gods, p. 44) cannot carry over to other forms of distillation. 
òòòòò Cook: As an important part of the Ashfinders' supply line, you've had plenty of opportunities to hone your craft. It's improved your overall prowess with Thin-Blood Alchemy. All times to research formulae are halved. 

A M A R A N T H A N

L
egend states that Amarantha, a childe of the Toreador Antediluvian, was one of the first victims of diablerie. Her grieving lovers took vengeance upon 
the act's first culprit, and as the practice came into fashion, swore to ensure anyone who drained a vampire would face Final Death. The Amaranthans survive to this very day hunting down diablerists with little mercy. While they had long been tolerated in Camarilla domains for their swift action against the Sabbat, the sect's withdrawal has led many domains to reject the cult as their focus turns towards the Ivory Tower and the Anarch movement. 
    You were Embraced by an Amaranthan and indoctrinated. You know the true evils of diablerie, and what must be done once rumors of the act surfaces in your domain. You hunt without regard to allegiance or status. When your catch your quarry, you are courteous enough to deliver their final message, carry out any non-blasphemous final wish, or perhaps grant mercy. Your faith may clash with your coterie and domain, but you will see 

justice done. 
LORE

ò Judge: You know time and supernatural forces hide the telltale black veins in a diablerist's aura. You've been taught to look for psychological signs, like panicked glances or smiles that are too haughty. Whenever you interrogate suspected diablerists, you receive three dice to all relevant rolls. 
òò Jury: You are capable of granting clemency. It keeps your faith from being a glorified excuse to murder people. Once per story, when you catch a diablerist, expose their crime beyond any doubt, and argue truly for the sparing of their life, you may take that vampire (if they survive sentencing from a Prince or Archon) as a two dot Mawla until you feel their crime has been repaid. 
òòò Executioner: While you may take pleasure in turning diablerists to ash, there is a process to the execution that must be obeyed. That's how you keep your conscience clean. When you deliver a diablerist's final message or complete their final wish, you may erase one Stain from your Humanity tracker. 
òòòò Tense Respect: Your refusal to acquiesce to sect and domain traditions regarding diablerie doesn't make you well-liked, but it does bring about grudging admiration. Even if you hold no position in your domain, you have a Status equivalent to three dots in the eyes of any Kindred who view diablerie in a negative way. Conversely, you earn an Adversary rated at either two or three dots, who holds the act of diablerie as sacred. 
òòòòò The Final Hunt: Unlike other Amaranthans, you're dedicated to hunt down and consume the cannibalistic descendants of Amarantha's murderer. It's dangerous, but you're prepared to sacrifice your soul for justice. When you perform diablerie on a confirmed descendent of Amarantha's diablerist, you may make a Remorse roll anytime you would otherwise automatically lose Humanity. All other effects still apply. 

C L E O P A T R A S 
( N O S F E R A T U C H A R A C T E R S O N L Y )

     ong-lived Nosferatu know the story of Yima, the beautiful and virtuous childe of Absimilliard. She either sacrificed herself to take the full brunt of Caine's curse, or was rejected by her sire when the curse refused to take hold in her. In the modern nights, some Nosferatu are visited in daysleep dreams by a woman who removes their blemishes and guides them to rule the Kindred. These Vagrants defy the clan's stigmas and stereotypes, dressing in fine clothes and adorning themselves in oils and perfumes. The confidence and charisma they project brings them into positions of high society often denied to the clan. Though no one is sure if the dream woman is the influence of a Methuselah, the machinations of their Antediluvian, or the spirit of Yima herself, few can deny the results. 
    You are a Cleopatra, one of the few Nosferatu that receives these communal dreams. The woman who visits you in your slumber shows you the person you could be, and when you see them, you know it's attainable. She tells you about the secret ugliness in your superiors, the kind that aesthetics just papers over. You can exploit them. With the woman's counsel, you can conquer any-

thing, even a clan's Bane. 
LORE

ò Close Examination: You remember things the woman told you at just the right time. Once per story, you may select an SPC, and tell the Storyteller you want to discover their deepest flaw. You gain three bonus dice to a Wits + Insight roll against that individual, with a critical success conveying the desired information. Revealing this knowledge is a certain way to earn a long-term Adversary Background, however. 
òò Clothed in Power: You know how to make the ideal self in your dreams a reality. Pick an outfit, perfume, hair style, make-up routine, or skin-care routine. When you use this, you may reroll a Social roll failure or roll to resist fury frenzy once per story. 
òòò Dream Appearance: Before entering your daysleep, you may roll your Composure + Resolve (Difficulty 3). If you're successful, your sleeping form loses the effect of your clan Bane, rendering your appearance equal to that of your mortal form just prior to your Embrace (along with any scars from Aggravated Health damage). When you wake, your Bane re-affects you within minutes, inflicting two Superficial Willpower damage. 
òòòò Figure-in-Waiting: Following your dreams paid off. Name a titled position in the domain. The current titleholder considers you next in line should something happen to them, granting four dots to spread between Mawla (the present titleholder) and Status. However, being secondin-line also earns you a two or three dot Adversary, in the form of a vampire who also wants the position.
òòòòò The Beauty Within: You are destined to rule the Kindred, and not even Caine's curse hinders you. Once per story, when you are dressed in your finest clothes, you may negate your clan's Bane entirely for the duration of a chapter for the purposes of interaction with other vampires. Your appearance has not changed, but your intense confidence radiates and negates your blemishes. This Lore has no effect on kine.

M E N E L E A N S

T
he Meneleans once sought to rebuild Carthage. Under the guidance and vitae of Menele, their patron Methuselah, they learned the lost city's 
secrets. They believed vampires had a higher purpose and enlightenment could be found through assimilation with humanity. They struggled for a fairer society for the Kindred. To the Meneleans, once of the greatest forms of tyranny was one that elders held over younger generations. When Menele vanished and the cult's blood bonds shattered, his cultists were fully aware of the irony. 
    Abandoned by their Methuselah, the Meneleans search for meaning. How much of their faith came from their own morals, and how much came from Menele's direct influence? Though they may never know for sure, some press on. 
    You are one of those adherents. You've set aside any questions of whether or not you've been manipulated, because you still feel that Menele had ideas worth spreading. You've come away from the experience with insights into the blood bond that the rest of the domain is keen to 

hear. 
LORE

ò Mortal Empathy: You believe in the importance of cleaving to humanity and ensure you see them as people, not just as food. Once per chapter, you may reroll any failure on a Social roll involving mortals.
òò Peacemaker: Menele's school taught you the importance of conflict resolution. Those around you tend to see you as a voice of reason. Once per chapter, when you are involved in a social or physical conflict, you gain two bonus dice in an attempt to resolve things through diplomacy. If one of your allies (such as a retainer or member of your coterie) then breaks the terms of your negotiation, you must roll to resist fury frenzy. 
òòò Show of Defiance: Tyranny is the enemy of peace. One of the best ways to prevent it is to humble the powerful. Once per story, when you chastise or humiliate someone in a higher position of authority than you, you may add the number of dots you possess in Status as bonus dice to your roll to cajole the individual or persuade the crowd to turn against them. The outcome of using this Loresheet is a likely Adversary possessing dots equivalent to your target's power level. 
òòòò Becoming the Mask: You've assimilated into humanity so well you have a separate, almost mortal life. You receive an identity represented by Mask 2 and may split two dots between Contacts, Resources, and Influence. When you take on this Mask, you take on mortal connections, including family and friends (assumed to have been cultivated in the build-up to this Loresheet), though they pose risks to your security and privacy as they'll ask the usual questions of "where are you going to work these days?", "why are you out all night?", and "why did someone come to my door saying you're a vampire and part of something called a charcuterie?". 
òòòòò Bond Breaker: The dissipation of Menele's blood bond permanently changed you. You've become Unbondable (Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 181), and feeding a Rouse Check's worth of vitae to a thrall immediately breaks the regent's hold. However, you are incapable of creating your own blood bonds. 

T H E O N E T R U E WA Y

L
ed by the "Master of Ravens," the One True Way encourages vampires to seek Golconda by mastering the Beast and becoming the ultimate predator. Followers gather in meetings and encourage everyone, including curious newcomers, to openly discuss the lowest, darkest moments in their unlife. This is for two reasons: to advise the Kindred on how to overcome their inhuman natures, and to gather secrets the cult can use to gain followers and power. The One True Way is banned in many domains across the world, but this has only seemed to increase its popularity. 
    As a traveler on the One True Way, you know that Golconda isn't about redemption, but about progression and mastery. You've learned much about the darkness within yourself and others. Taming the Beast is agonizing, and it resists at every turn, but you work at it the best you can. You know there's times when the Beast must run free, but you take heart in knowing even this is under your control. You know the benefits of confession, which sooths the spirit and gives you secrets to hold over your friends and enemies. You hope you can fully understand your place as a human predator, and that one night your higher instincts and your Hunger will work in tandem. 
LORE
ò Trust Me: Showing vulnerabil-	òòò Beast Communion: You see ity is dangerous among Kindred, 	your Beast as a separate persobut it's necessary for the One 	na. When it comes to the surface, True Way. You know how to 	it finds details you've missed. sidestep a vampire's hesitance 	Whenever you roll a Messy and get them to say things they'd 	Critical or a Bestial Failure, you never tell their closest friends. 	may ask one question about When you speak to a vampire 	the situation to your character's with genuine empathy, the Diffi-	Beast. Your Storyteller gives you culty of any roll to get them to tell 	a truthful answer in the voice of the truth lowered by one. 	the Beast. 
òò Secret Keeper: Attending or 	òòòò Calling the Wave: You see running meetings let you in on 	your Beast as a companion. It'd so many secrets the Nosferatu 	be wrong to keep a companion consider you a trusted source. 	locked away forever, and so Once per story, when you act on 	you release it on your own terms. a secret, a single roll concerning 	Once per story, you spend a that secret gains two extra dice. 	point of Willpower to immediately enter frenzy and Ride the Wave (Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 219).
òòòòò The Road from Hunedoara: When the Master of Ravens himself invited you to journey to Hunedoara, Romania to meet him, you accepted. He taught you much, and you have returned a near apex predator. No matter what heinous acts you commit in frenzy, you never suffer more than 1 Stain. This can only be applied once per story, and Convictions cannot further reduce these Stains.
S
S T A R F A L L R A N C H 
( M A L K AV I A N C H A R A C T E R S O N L Y )tarfall Ranch is well-known as one of the top ranches in the Northeastern United States. Its cattle are consistent state fair winners. Its horses have been seen at dressages and other equestrian sports events around the world. Owning these animals come at a high price, and part of that premium involves the quality service of Alberta Pennilee and the expert training of a man only known as "Dr. Starr." 
    Starr is Kindred. He serves the One Moon, a faith that believes that Clan Malkavian is actually one single person, experiencing themselves and the world around them through the lives and perspectives of those they Embrace. Aside from being a popular grange, Starfall Ranch serves as a halfway house for dispossessed Malkavians. There, they can work, feed, and learn their place as part of the One Moon.
    Starfall Ranch plays a major part in your life, whether you once worked there after your Embrace, or you still call it home. You might know the secrets of Starr's ranch hands, or the basic philosophies of the One Moon. Perhaps you had the privilege of meeting the Methuselah that sleeps beneath the farmland. 
    Whatever role Starfall Ranch has in your life, one thing is for certain. Whenever someone tells you, "you're a part of something greater," you can't help but shake your head and smile. As you've learned on the ranch, that turn of phrase is truer than the rest of the Kindred could imagine. 

ò Herd Mindset: Your time on the ranch brought you closer to your fellow wayward Malkavians. Sometimes this was a bit too close, and parts of their identities still linger within you. Once per chapter, you may either take two dots in a Skill you do not know for a single roll, or as the Storyteller for one fact about an 
SPC that you do not know. The Storyteller decides on which fact is received. 
òò Clarity of Mind: Starfall 
Ranch is a peaceful place. Here, Malkavian from all levels of society can rest and reflect upon their future. Those that do find that they have a better chance of achieving their greater ambitions. When LORE
you start a Project at Starfall 
Ranch, you receive three bonus dice to the Launch roll. 
òòò New Perspectives: You understand some basics of the One Moon, and you're starting to discover how you are only a single aspect of a greater person. You can even borrow the talents and abilities of your faith's other followers. Once per story, you may take one Skill rating and replace it with that of another One Moon cultist. This may either be another player's character or an SPC. 
òòòò Starr and Marta: You've had the chance to see Marta with your own eyes, and it changed you forever. You may take Dr. Starr as a four dot Mawla. Once per story, Marta will speak through him. You may ask her any relevant question to the story, and she answers truthfully, to the best of her knowledge. 
òòòòò But I Saw You Die: Starr is infamous for cheating death. He's shared his secret with you. Once, when you undergo final death, you may select another One Moon cultist SPC. This SPC is now you, even taking on your physical likeness if possible. Your Skills, Advantages, Flaws, and any out-of-clan Discipline dots remain, but you must redistribute your Attributes and your in-clan Discipline dots. 




















3























3



3







3



3



















3



3













CHILDREN OF THE BLOOD

BEliEvErs and Charlatans

3

3



3

CHILDREN OF THE BLOOD

BEliEvErs and Charlatans

3

3



3













CHICAGO BY NIGHT

CulT COTerIes

3

3



3



CulT COTerIes

3

3



3





3

3



3

















3

97



3

CHILILDREN OF THE BLOOD



3

97

CHILILDREN OF THE BLOOD

3

CHILILDREN OF THE BLOOD

NEW ADVANTAGES

3

97

NEW ADVANTAGES

97













