A NEW YEARS EVE STORY
Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Auld Sanguine

LEGAL AND CREDITS
COV ER A RT WOR K: Mark Kelly INTER IOR A RT WORK: Raquel Cornejo, Elisa Teague
W R ITER: Eddy Webb EDITOR: Elisa Teague CULT UR A L CONSULTA NT: James Mendez Hodes SENIOR PRODUCER: Elisa Teague ASSOCI ATE PRODUCER: Trivia Fox

WORLD OF DARKNESS BRAND MANAGEMENT
BR AND MANAGER: Sean Greaney BR AND CREATI VE LEA D: Justin Achilli BR A ND A RT DIR ECTOR: Tomas Arfert
BR AND EDITOR: Karim Muammar BR AND COMMU NIT Y DEVELOPER: Martyna "Outstar" Zych
BR A N D M A R K ET I NG M A NAGER: Jason Carl

PARADOX LICENSING
BUSINESS DEVELOPER: Dhaunae De Vir

RENEGADE GAME STUDIOS

PR ESI DENT & PU BLISHER: Scott Gaeta V ICE PR ESI DENT SA LES & M A R K ET I NG: Sara Erickson
CONT ROLLER: Robyn Gaeta DI R ECTOR OF OPER AT IONS: Leisha Cummins DI R ECTOR , ST R AT EGIC PA RT N ER SHI PS: Erika Conway SA LES A N D M A R K ET I NG PROGR A M M A NAGER: Matt Holland SEN IOR PRODUCER OF ROLEPL AY I NG GA MES: Elisa Teague ASSOCI AT E PRODUCER OF ROLEPL AY I NG GA MES: Trivia Fox SEN IOR PRODUCER OF BOA R D & CA R D GA MES: Dan Bojanowski A SSOCI AT E PRODUCER OF BOA R D & CA R D GA MES: Jimmy Le

SEN IOR GA ME DESIGNER: Matt Hyra GA ME DESIGNERS: Dan Blanchett & T.C. Petty III
SENIOR CREATIVE LEADS OF BOARD & CARD GAMES:
Anita Osburn & Jeanne Torres V I DEO PRODUCT ION ASSOCI AT E: Katie Schmitt
CUSTOMER SERV ICE: Jenni Janikowski FINA NCE CLER K: Minnie Nelson EV ENT M A NAGER: Chris Whitpan
CR E AT I V E PRODUCT ION: Noelle Lopez CR E AT I V E PRODUCT ION: Todd Crapper

© 2021 Paradox Interactive® AB. Vampire: The Masquerade® ­ are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Paradox Interactive AB in Europe, the U.S., and other countries.
Visit the World of Darkness online at www.worldofdarkness.com

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

AULD SANGUINE

A story for Vampire: The Masquerade:
Auld Sanguine

New Year's Eve. You've been invited to a party to talk to Isabella, a friend of a friend. She's being harassed by someone who knows too much about vampires. Can you deal with this last piece of business
before the ball drops at midnight?

Auld Sanguine is a story for Vampire: The Masquerade. It is best suited to a coterie of about four to six neonate Camarilla vampires, although it can be adjusted to use in an Anarch chronicle. The entire story takes place within a few hours from dusk to midnight on December 31st, making it a good game to play during a holiday or as a small side story between larger chronicle events. We can't know the specifics of your gaming group, so we highly encourage you to modify Auld Sanguine to work better within your chronicle.
Before beginning play, you should review the relationship map and find a suitable mortal Ally, Contact, or Touchstone that is aware of vampires and would have a friendly relationship with Isabella, a young (and minorly famous) online streamer who talks about paganism, kitchen magic, and other self-described "witchy shit." That mortal could be a personal friend, a fan of the stream, a concerned relative, or even a coworker at Isabella's day job. If there isn't a suitable connection, feel free to adjust Isabella to create a better connection. Don't forget to add Isabella to the relationship map, should she survive the events of Auld Sanguine.

Content Warning Vampire: The Masquerade addresses the darkness in the real world through horror stories. This Story includes in-world references and expressions of the following: violence, stalking, torture, and death. Vampire: The Masquerade is only a game. Don't use it as an excuse to be a monster yourself.
Jumping Right In If you're not running this as part of an established chronicle and the players don't have time to make their own characters, we've provided a coterie of six vampires for you, ready to play. They are all neonate Camarilla vampires comprising a newly established Vehme coterie (see
The Righteous Vampire, p. 199), tasked with investigating and preserving the Masquerade in
Supremacy of the the city. Most of the characters have a suitable Ally or Touchstone to use for the
WProhloagtu'es. Going On

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

3

AULD SANGUINE

Prologue:
Lose My Number

It is the evening of December 31st. The Kindred characters awaken as normal, but one of them discovers that a mortal connection is desperately trying to get in touch. It can be a series of text messages left with the character's ghoul, a written letter slid under their haven door, or word of mouth left at the character's usual haunts. The gist of the message is as follows:
"Get in touch NOW. Friend of mine is getting threatening text messages that mention "bloodsuckers." This is time sensitive."
The character in question can choose to ignore it, but the messages will continue and get increasingly frantic until the character contacts them back. Once the vampire gets in touch, their contact explains the situation. Read or paraphrase the following:
"Thanks for getting back to me. My friend Isabella has been getting their weird threatening texts from some kind of anonymous texting app. At first, I told her to ignore and block them, but they've

been getting steadily worse and more explicit. Now they're calling her a bloodsucker and a murderer, and she's really freaked out. She's throwing a New Year's Eve party tonight, so I thought you could swing by, see what's up, and have a little fun while doing it."
If asked, the contact doesn't know much beyond what they've already said, but feel free to embellish the relationship between them and Isabella. If the Kindred agrees to investigate, their contact will give a picture of Isabella (a Latina woman with dark eyeshadow and a black dress), as well as the address for the party.
They'll mention the party is formal dress, so they should at least try to look nice. If the players think it would be fun to try and find appropriate party clothes, feel free to spend some time on this. Alternatively, you can just declare that appropriate clothes have been found, or the characters can refuse to dress up.
Once the characters are ready to go to the party, move on to Chapter One.

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

4

AULD SANGUINE

I'm Not Feeling This It's possible the vampire characters won't have any interest in looking into what's going on with Isabella. There are a few things you can do to encourage your players:

· Characters' Convictions: If one character has a Conviction that's relevant (such as "always aid women in need"), that can be enough--from there, hopefully the other members of the coterie will tag along, even if only to help their colleague out.

· Favors: If the contact has done a favor for a character in the past, this is a way to pay that off. If not, the contact can owe the vampire a favor to use in future. On the other hand, if the carrot isn't enough, consider the stick: Ignoring the message might threaten Advantages like Allies and Contacts, if the vampire doesn't at least try to help.

· Masquerade Breach: The word "bloodsucker" should raise concerns of a potential Masquerade breach. There's a chance it's nothing, but Camarilla vampires should want to investigate, just to make sure. Covering up a potential violation of the Masquerade could gain favor in the eyes of the Prince or be used as blackmail against older vampires in positions of power.

If none of those work, you can simply ask the players to participate, particularly if this is a one-time game. Sometimes players need to bend on what they feel their characters would do so everyone can have an engaging evening's entertainment. Alternatively, you can jump to the sidebar "The Story Moves On" in Chapter Three and see the advice there on what happens if the vampires ignore the situation. Additional advice can be found in "Hooks and Hook Refusals," Vampire Core Rulebook, p. 351.

What's Going On
Here's what's going on behind the scenes. The stalkers are mortal vampire hunters who stumbled onto the existence of a vampire named Duke a few weeks ago. They traced his connection to Isabella, and since she's able to be seen during the day, they assume (correctly, as it happens) she's a thrall or minion to Duke. The harassment campaign is to provoke a response from Duke into their clutches. In case it doesn't work, they originally planned to kill Isabella to up the stakes, but now that won't work due to her presence at the party. Most of the local police forces are focused downtown for the

New Year's Eve celebrations, so they have a short window to lure the vampire to their warehouse and into their trap. However, they also think Duke is the only vampire in town--they assume anyone else with Duke is another mortal pawn. So they won't be expecting a large vampire party (more below in Chapters Five and Six).
In the end, this situation is a catch-22 for the hunters: It's a moment in time where they have the greatest chance of success and the least likelihood of police or the media interfering, but it's also the one time the vampires know where the hunters will be.

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

5

AULD SANGUINE

Chapter One:
Party A ll Night

Once the characters arrive at the address, read the following to the players:
The address leads you to an old brownstone apartment building. The windows on the bottom floors are dark, but you can see colored lights strobing in several of the top floor windows. You can also hear a cacophony of distorted, buzzing music thumping coming from the building. It seems like the whole building is in on this New Year's Eve party.
The front doors to the building are unlocked, and there are few people on the lower floors. The elevator doors are closed with a sign that says, "Take the Stairs." The stairs themselves have sheets of paper with hand-drawn arrows pointing up.
As the characters reach the top floor, the stairs are blocked by two large, muscular men wearing black shirts with stickers that say "Security" on them. Both are residents of the building who volunteered to check invites to the party. The characters are not on the list, and the guards are reluctant to let them pass (even more so if the characters aren't dressed up). As antagonists, the guards are considered Security ·· (see "Simple Antagonists," Vampire, p. 370).
In the hallway behind the guards, the music gets much louder. Most of the apartment doors are open, and a few different songs are being loudly played simultaneously. People are milling between the apartments, and several are standing in the hallway with drinks. In one doorway, three people are all making out with each other, and behind one closed door

the characters can hear the unmistakable sound of sex. Characters with the Predator types of Siren may find ample hunting opportunities here.
Finding Isabella
Isabella is in the last apartment in the corridor. Here the party has the most people, the loudest music, and the best alcohol. Every level surface of the apartment has a drink, a plate of food, or someone sitting on it. Many of the partygoers are dancing. There are several screens--a flatscreen TV, a couple of laptops, and even a tablet--all tuned to the local television station showing the ball that will drop at the stroke of midnight. Once the characters make their way through the dense crowd, read the following:
Isabella looks much like she does in the picture, a Latine Latina woman with dark makeup, black lipstick, and a black party dress covered in lace cobwebs. She has a glass of champagne in her hand as she sits on the kitchen counter and talks loudly with a few other similarly monochromatic friends. As you approach, her eyes go wide, and she stiffens. "Who invited you?" she yells over the noise of the party.
Isabella is a ghoul to the Anarch known as Duke (see Chapter Two), and she thinks vampires are out to kill her. She doesn't know much about Kindred society, but she knows that if she reveals she's a ghoul, she might die. Further, she's been told to avoid the Camarilla, so Duke ordered her to stay

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

6

AULD SANGUINE

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

7

AULD SANGUINE

around people, since it's unlikely the Camarilla would cause a scene around mortals. Isabella doesn't know everyone at the party by sight, but she'll suspicious of anyone who seems out of place that comes up to her during a night-time party.
Talking to Isabella
She'll be willing to go into a side room (her bedroom) to talk in private, but not so far away as to remove herself from the party. Roll Charisma + Persuasion: It's Difficulty 1 to talk to her in relative privacy, but Difficulty 4 to ask her to leave the party entirely.
If the mutual acquaintance is mentioned, she'll be inclined to explain the situation without referencing Kindred society. Here are the details she'll mention (no roll needed):
 Her name is Isabella ("just Isabella"), but she
goes by the name "Bruja" online.
 Bruja (no "h") is the name she uses as online
streamer who talks about paganism, kitchen magic, and other self-described "witchy shit." Characters can make a Intelligence + Occult roll to see if they've heard of her (she has one dot of Fame).
 She's been getting anonymous texts recently.
At first she ignored them, as she's used to a certain amount of harassment and stalking ("just called being a woman on the Internet"), but these specific texts have gotten more specific and disturbing.
 In particular, the texts have called her a
"bloodsucker" and implied that she's either killed someone or covered up a murder.
 The harasser has mentioned that something
will happen tonight, and "if you know what's good for you, have your phone ready."
 She did go to the police, but they couldn't
do much about it. They gave some non-advice like "block the number" or "maybe don't stream anymore."

If the characters reveal they are vampires, she'll get nervous and clam up (particularly if they mention being Camarilla vampires). It is a Charisma + Persuasion or Intimidation roll (Difficulty 4) for her to admit her own connections to the Kindred. However, success reveals one piece of information, with each additional success revealing an additional fact:
 She is a ghoul, and a recent one (only a few
months).
 She was made a ghoul before she got the
harassing texts.
 She knows about the Camarilla and has been
told they're bad news.
 Her sire is an Anarch.
 His name is Duke. (Characters with local
knowledge of the Anarchs can make an Intelligence + Politics roll to see if they know Duke--if successful, he is described as a minor white gang leader with a paranoid stance on Camarilla Kindred.)
 He is a Toreador, but Isabella doesn't know
what that means. She also doesn't know that "Brujah" means anything more than "witch" in Spanish. It's just a coincidence she came up with the name.
Let's Go
Isabella is extremely reluctant to abandon the party: whether due to Kindred machinations or just mortal stalking, she doesn't see the benefit of leaving, particularly with a group of strangers. She feels she's safer around a large group of friends and potential witnesses. Convincing her to leave will be a Charisma + Persuasion or Intimidation roll (Difficulty 5; lower if the characters reveal they are Kindred and have the capacity to protect her, higher if they mention being Camarilla vampires or if they threaten her in some way).
She is much more likely to ask her nearby friends for help. The nearby mortals are an eclectic mix of

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

8

young professionals, artists, and athletes. Most will happily help Isabella or her friends with reasonable requests, especially if they don't have to leave the party to do it. If Isabella is threatened or attacked, however, they won't necessarily jump to her defense, opting instead to call the police or live-stream the altercation.
Isabella will text Duke once the characters leave her apartment (unless she is specifically forced not to). Even if she's positively inclined towards the characters and tells Duke they want to help, the Anarch will assume she's had her mind controlled. Events pick up in Chapter Two.

AULD SANGUINE

Isabella/"Bruja", Terrified Ghoul (Difficulty ··)
Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 1, Stamina 1; Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Composure 3; Intelligence 1, Wits 2, Resolve 2
Secondary Attributes: Health 4, Willpower 5
Skills: Athletics 1, Craft 1, Melee 1; Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 2, Insight 3, Leadership 1, Performance 3, Persuasion 3; Awareness 2, Occult 2, Technology 2
Advantages: Fame 1, Resources 2
Disciplines: Presence 1 (Awe)
Flaws: Stalkers 1

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

9

AULD SANGUINE

Chapter Two:
Blood and Concrete

Once the characters leave the building, read the following:
The frosty night air caresses your face as you step back out into the street. Nobody seems to be on the street, until a figure steps out of the shadowy alley next to you. He's wearing a torn leather jacket and a black shirt printed with the front of a tuxedo, a parody of the fancy house party you just left. His face is nondescript, but his voice is distinctly hoarse, as if he gargles with pebbles. "You licks gonna tell me why you've been threatening Isabella?" he says, taking a threatening stance.
This is Duke, an Anarch Toreador and Isabella's vampire master. He believes the characters are the ones threatening Isabella, so his question is just to stall the Kindred while his fellow gang members get into position to surround the characters. There's one additional Anarch for every three characters in the coterie (use the statistics for an Anarch Revolutionary in Vampire, p. 374).
Characters can attempt to try and talk Duke down, especially since this confrontation takes place in the street. Balancing the Masquerade and the screaming demands of an irate Anarch will be tricky--a straight Charisma + Persuasion roll will be Difficulty 5, but it's best backed up with something more substantial, like Presence. If the

characters manage to talk him down, go to Chapter Three, "Confrontation." Otherwise, Duke ignores what they say and attacks.
Anarch Beatdown
The Anarchs are assuming the characters are Kindred. Due to his paranoia, Duke has reached the (incorrect) conclusion that another vampire is sending the texts--and as people Duke doesn't recognize, he's put two and two together to equal five. If for some reason the characters try to bluff and pretend they're just mortals, Duke won't buy it, but it's not due to any specific insight he has--he's assuming the characters are Camarilla vampires due to his personal paranoia--so it would take some significant effort to convince him of that.
Duke and his fellow Anarchs will attempt to drag the characters back into the alley, so they can more easily use Disciplines. As such, the easiest tactic to avoid the Anarchs is to stay on the street while not using Disciplines, to keep the situation out of Kindred attention. If the characters end up doing something obviously vampiric in the street, however, the Anarchs will give up on that tactic and use Disciplines as needed. This is a significant potential violation of the Masquerade, so don't be afraid to have the characters pay the consequences of this act in future, such as a hidden mortal hiding in fear while the fight escalates, or a local Camarilla Kindred witnessing the conflict from secret while

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

10

AULD SANGUINE

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

11

AULD SANGUINE

out hunting. The Anarchs want to try and capture the
characters, not destroy them. As such, if a character falls unconscious or appears to, they'll be left alone as the Anarchs focus on the remaining characters. If the characters are captured, they'll be taken into one of the empty apartments on the first floor and questioned--go to Chapter Three.
More likely, the Anarchs will end up captured or destroyed themselves. If any Anarch is destroyed, Duke will immediately surrender to avoid more bloodshed. He'll also surrender if the characters threaten to kill one of his gang members.

Any other Anarchs will attempt to flee in such situations. Once Duke or any of the other Anarchs are captured, go to Chapter Three.

Duke, Pissed-off Anarch (Difficulty ····)
Clan: Toreador
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3; Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Composure 2; Intelligence 2, Wits 4, Resolve 4
Secondary Attributes: Health 6, Willpower 6
Skills: Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Drive 3, Firearms 3, Larceny 4, Melee 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3; Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1, Insight 2, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Persuasion 1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 1; Academics 1, Awareness 3, Investigation 1, Occult 1, Politics 3, Science 2, Technology 3
Disciplines: Auspex 1 (Heightened Senses), Celerity 2 (Cat's Grace, Fleetness), Fortitude 3 (Unswayable Mind, Toughness, Fortify the Inner Facade), Potence 2 (Lethal Body, Prowess), Presence 2 (Daunt, Lingering Kiss)
Humanity: 7
Blood Potency: 2

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

12

AULD SANGUINE

Chapter Three:
Your Vampire M aster

After the fight, the Anarchs and the characters confront their assumptions.
Confrontation
If Duke has surrendered or agreed to talk instead of fighting, read the following:
The Anarch puts his hands in the air. "Okay, okay. Look, I just wanted to keep you sick fucks away from my girl, but I'm not willing to stake my unlife on it. Why have you been stalking her, anyway? Or were you just trying to get to me?"
If, however, the characters have been captured, read the following instead:
You find yourself in an empty apartment, bereft of furniture. The distorted thumping of music can be heard coming from upstairs. The Anarch smiles and pokes you in the chest. "Maybe that'll teach you sick fucks to stay away from my ghoul. Not so powerful when you're not behind an anonymous text message, huh? Why have you been stalking her, anyway? Or were you just trying to get to me?"
As mentioned in Chapter Two, Duke believes the characters to be Kindred who are stalking

Isabella. If the characters couldn't discern Isabella's state as a ghoul, the above may come as a complete surprise to them. Otherwise, Duke's assumption that the characters are the ones sending the texts should make it clear there's a miscommunication somewhere. If the characters are captured, he'll give the characters an opportunity to explain.
What If All the Anarchs are Destroyed? It's entirely possible the characters will kill the Anarchs for attacking them. If Duke is killed but another Anarch is alive, you can cheat a little and make that Anarch Isabella's master. Just assume any information Duke would have refers to that character instead. If that's not possible (such as the characters learning Duke's name from Isabella), then the other Anarchs at least know what's going on, even if they don't have as much of a stake in the situation. If every Anarch is killed, the story doesn't stop, but it goes in a different direction. Go to the sidebar "The Story Moves On" for suggestions on how to get things moving again.

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

13

AULD SANGUINE

Comparing Notes
The characters can reveal as much or as little of their mission as they like. If they're captured, Duke will attempt to intimidate them (such as by using the Presence power Daunt or getting another ghoul to threaten them with fire) to get them to volunteer more information. If characters use Manipulation + Subterfuge to lie their way out of it, he'll use the Insight skill to see if the characters are telling the truth.
Depending on how honest the characters are (or if Duke falls for any dishonesty), he'll be forthcoming with his own information. Attempts to force him to talk will be challenging, particularly due to his Fortitude powers such as Unswayable Mind and Fortify the Inner Facade. Some information he will reveal easily:
 He is a Toreador Anarch named Duke.
(Characters with local knowledge of the Anarchs can make an Intelligence + Politics roll to see if they know Duke--if successful, he is a minor gang leader with a paranoid stance on Camarilla Kindred.)
 He made Isabella into a ghoul because he
needed someone good with technology and the occult.
 He believes the harassment is coming from
Camarilla vampires.
 If the Second Inquisition comes up, he'll
brush it off, believing it to be an urban myth.
Beyond that, Charisma or Manipulation rolls may be necessary to get him to talk. Difficulty is 2, lower if he believes the characters to be trustworthy, higher if they reveal they're loyal Camarilla Kindred or attempt to force him to talk. Success reveals one piece of information below, with each additional success revealing another one.
 He's known about the text harassment since
the beginning, but he discounted it early on. It's only been the past few days that the harassment has

gotten more specific.
 He doesn't have any evidence that the texts
are coming from a Camarilla vampire. "You're not paranoid if they're really out to get you, you know."
 His grasp of the Masquerade is a little sloppy.
More than once he's hunted for blood, only to either leave his prey alive with knowledge of who he is, or with clues that point to him. He brushes it off, being more concerned with bigger violations like cellphone videos or flashy displays of Disciplines.
 He's actually good with technology (he has
three dots in the Technology skill), but he pretends like he isn't. He has done a little looking into the texts, but aside from some "vampire-feeling" phrases, he hasn't found much. He really made Isabella into a ghoul because he wanted to stay up to date on modern technology and its applications in the social sphere.
Once the characters have exchanged information, Duke gets a call from Isabella. She's gotten another text, and this one is time sensitive. She is to bring her "master" to a specific warehouse in a nearby industrial park by midnight tonight. If he doesn't show up, everything the stalkers know about her will be posted online. The text, like the others, is sent via an anonymous texting website, making it exceedingly difficult to trace.
Duke may be an Anarch, but he still values the Masquerade--just not the extremes that the Camarilla are prone to, nor does he use it to justify horrible actions like he believes they do. This is obviously a trap, but he's inclined to go, if he's able to. He'll tell Isabella to stay where she is, where she's safest. If the characters offer to go with him, he'll give them the address, but it will be challenging to convince him to stay behind or ignore the threat. If the characters insist, he'll pretend to acquiesce, and then go as soon as they leave. If Duke does accompany the characters, remember to use his stats from the sidebar above.

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

14

AULD SANGUINE
The Story Moves On Isabella and Duke have laid everything out there, and the characters just aren't interested. Or maybe the Anarchs are killed. Luckily, the story doesn't just stop here, even if this particular session comes to an abrupt stopping point. Feel free to call the game to a halt early while you plan for the next game, and maybe run a different story before diving into the repercussions of this one.
If Duke doesn't go, or their bluff is otherwise called, the hunters don't have much. They will dump all the information they have online, but they mostly have surveillance videos and intercepted phone calls--enough to ruin Isabella's career and maybe attract Camarilla attention formally, but not the massive rallying call for humanity the hunters expect it will be.
After that, the hunters will end up killing Isabella and Duke. Before they die, however, Isabella is tortured, and she reveals information about the characters.
A few weeks into the new year, the mutual contact between the vampires and Isabella starts getting harassing messages similar to Isabella's. You can use the information in the previous chapters to play through similar events, before a text is sent like the one above, and a new time is set up. You can then move to Chapter Four, adjusting slightly for the new events.
This reshuffling of events has an added benefit: it shows that the World of Darkness doesn't just stop when the players aren't interacting with it. It demonstrates that action (and inaction) leads to consequences, and old problems have a habit of popping back up when you least expect it.

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

15

AULD SANGUINE

Chapter Four:
Hunting the Hu n t e r s

The characters might want to investigate things before they walk into the obvious trap. Here are a few things they might to do beforehand. The clock is ticking, however--unless the previous events took much longer or much shorter than anticipated, assume the characters have two hours until midnight. The address is decent drive--not so far that they're outside of the local police's jurisdiction, but far enough away that a 911 call won't get a prompt response.
To keep things easy, assume each character can do or help with one of the actions below, or an equivalent action. Ask each character what they want to do, group characters together that are working on a similar task, have them roll some dice, and move on to the next chapter. Don't count each minute--the goal isn't to micromanage your players, but to get across the feeling of not having enough time so that the characters are forced to use what time they have wisely.
Investigate
Characters might choose to search computer records (public and private) on the warehouse in question, try and trace the texts to Isabella's phone, or use their contacts to get information. The hunters have reasonably covered their tracks--consider most Wits + Investigation rolls to be around Difficulty 3, but feel free to change the Difficulty based

on the circumstances in your game. Below are some potential pieces of information to find, and what avenues might be best to find it.
 Computer records: The warehouse used
to be owned by a local shipping company, but the recent shipping crisis caused them to go out of business, so now they rent the space out for short-term storage, as well as private functions. A private party paid cash to rent the space for a week.
 Industrial Park employees: The entire
industrial park is closed for the holiday, but if the vampires or their contacts manage to track someone down (or be someone who works there), they'll know that a bunch of locals rented the warehouse for a private function for a week. They paid cash, and the shipping company was so strapped for cash they didn't ask questions. If the roll is particularly successful, the character might get a description of the renter and a name (Steve Meyer).
 Gun dealers: Gun sales have been steady for
the past year, but there was a recent uptick in sales of not only high-power automatic weapons, but also a small amount of army surplus explosives (hand grenades and old land mines, mostly). If the roll is particularly successful, the character might get a description of the buyer and a name (Larry Hamilton).

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

16

AULD SANGUINE

 Phone trace: Tracing the texts is extremely
difficult. They were sent from a website that sends anonymous texts to a specific phone. About the only thing that can be discovered is that a specific (and extremely cheap) cellphone connected to the website at the times in question, which was purchased from a local cell phone dealer a couple of weeks ago. If the roll is particularly successful, the character might get a description of the buyer and a name (Andy Rice).
If the characters get a description, they can attempt to track the person down. If successful, the man who bought the weapons and cellphone, as well as rented the warehouse, is Moses Gardner-- the other names were pseudonyms. See the sidebar for more information.
Call for Backup
Given the potentially dangerous situation, characters might call for backup or support before going to the warehouse in question. However, odds are low of getting fast support.
 Duke and his Anarchs: Duke will come if
asked ("try and keep me away"). If not asked, he'll come anyway, although whether that's openly and as an ally or privately and as a potential threat depends on how chapters two and three were resolved. Any Anarchs from Chapter Two who are still in good shape will also accompany him.
 Allies: Any Allies (Vampire, pp. 184-185) a
character wants to call in are available as normal.
 Camarilla: Any Camarilla response will
depend on the characters and their standing in the local court. Any ghoul with knowledge of vampire that is revealed to be harassed by someone who seems to know that the ghoul knows will prompt an immediate (and very likely fatal, for the ghoul and her master) response. Characters should think carefully before letting the court take matters into their own hands. They will need to call in favors (or offer some) avoid a disproportionate response.

Moses Gardner If characters investigate Moses Gardner, they can find the following information. Offer it out based on successful dice rolls, the methods of investigation used, and the needs of your story.  Moses Gardner, aged 42, white man. Single, with no children or living relatives.  His brother died in what was ruled an animal attack a year ago. (Moses has since learned was a vampire attack.)  Moses was in the Army Corps of Engineers for a few years, but was given a dishonorable discharge due to his alcoholism.  Moses owns a local auto repair shop: Gardner Bros. He lives above the shop, which is empty and locked up. He has no other employees, and the shop doesn't have much business--in fact, he doesn't have any customers at the moment.  His bank account is nearly empty, especially after he made a massive withdrawal several weeks ago. (This is the money he used to pay for a variety of things in cash.)
 Other Anarchs: Duke isn't on great terms with
the local baron. His hot-headedness and inflexible stance on the Camarilla make him a dangerous ally at the best of time. Most Anarchs will either drag their feet to help or simply let him deal with his own problems, especially if he's in the company of known Camarilla Kindred.

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

17

AULD SANGUINE

Gear Up
If characters want to prepare themselves, they have some options available to them, but not many.
 Legal equipment: All stores are closed, either
due to the holiday or the time of night. Of course, breaking in and stealing something is on the table-- the slow police response time could work in such a thief's favor.
 Illegal equipment: Using Advantages to get
illegal equipment works as detailed in Vampire, although Difficulty for any rolls should be one higher due to the holiday (key people are at parties, went on vacation, are drunk, and so on).
 Hunting: Vampires can hunt before the
event. Use zoomed-out hunting rolls (Vampire, pp. 306-307). Since time is a factor, hunting takes up the characters preparation time before Chapter Five.
Damage Control
Finally, particularly forward-thinking characters might want to spend their time preparing for bad outcomes.

so on. Most cold calls will be treated as pranks or low priority, although they are more likely to come if paired with a 911 call. That said, anonymous tips left will be picked up the following morning, giving characters time to craft a cover story, should it be necessary.
 Move Isabella: Duke won't let the characters
move Isabella from the party, which is planned to last until dawn. Isabella is also reluctant to leave but can be coerced away from the party (particularly with the use of Presence or Dominate). That said, unless she is taken to an off-the-grid safehouse or other similar location, odds are she will eventually be discovered if the hunters survive. Further, Isabella will leave of her own accord if allowed to recover from any coercion. That said, killing her solves a lot of problems, but it creates others. Aside from risking retribution from Duke and his Anarchs, their Humanity will likely tumble as a result, not to mention the more immediate concerns of covering up a murder.

 Police: Sending the police to arrest poten-
tial killers won't work well. Most of the police are focused on making sure the celebrations happening downtown are orderly or have taken the day off as a holiday themselves. A 911 call will be responded to, but response time will be slow (fifteen minutes), giving the hunters plenty of time to vacate once they hear the call on their police radio. Off-duty police officers might be called upon, but again, they're going to be slow to respond. That said, this also means that police will be slow to respond to any gunfire or other violent incident, giving characters time to flee.

 Media: Trying to expose the hunters on the
news likewise won't work well. Like the police, most of the media will be busy: working to cover the celebrations downtown, getting slice of life interviews, covering petty crimes during said celebrations, and

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

18

AULD SANGUINE

Chapter Five:
Breaking and Entering

Once the characters arrive at the industrial park, read the following:
The industrial park seems eerily quiet as you pull up to the entrance. There's a tall iron fence with a barred gate at the front across a concrete road that rolls downhill to a variety of squat brick buildings. On the fence is a large sign that says WARNING: ELECTRIFIED FENCE. Each building has a large number painted on the side, each corresponding to a large, laminated map hanging next to the gate.
Alongside the road that leads into the complex, there are patches of brown, dead grass. From the grass sprouts tall lamp posts, blazing yellow in the frigid night and barely illuminating the road. More lamps hang over the doors of the various buildings, although most are unlit.
Mounted on each lamp post and on most of the building corners you make out a CCTV camera. Each camera has a red light burning on it. You don't see a single person milling around, and no cars parked in front of any of the buildings. It looks like everyone's gone home for the holidays.
According to the map, the warehouse the characters want is building 17. However, there are several obstacles for the characters to overcome before they reach the warehouse in question.

The Fence and Gate
The fence is not actually electrified (the sign was just put up to detract casual thieves), but it requires a Difficulty 2 Dexterity + Athletics roll to scale. However, there's a chance that such activity will attract the attention of the security cameras (see below for more).
The gate is closed with a magnetic lock. It can be opened via a passcard or by using a built-in keypad. An appropriate Contact or Ally might have a passcard, but a web search using a successful Intelligence + Technology roll (Difficulty 2) will dig up a visitor's passcode to open the gate. Three failed attempts to open the gate will sound an alarm (see sidebar).
The gate itself is made of reinforced steel. It would require a Strength rating of at least 6 (likely using Prowess) to be able to bend or tear it, or a lot of weight and velocity to knock it down (such as, say, hitting it with a large vehicle at top speed). However, any destruction of the fence or gate will sound an alarm (see sidebar).
Cameras and the Security
Office
There are a total of ten CCTV cameras around the industrial park. They each have a sturdy metal

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

19

AULD SANGUINE

housing to keep people from throwing rocks and breaking them, but a gunshot, baseball bat, or rock thrown at supernatural speed can disable them. Due to the holiday, there aren't any mortal security guards monitoring them, but they are recording everything and saving it to a computer in the security office in building 1.
Most of the cameras cover the gate and key points of the fence. A Wits + Technology or Larceny roll (Difficulty 2) may be able to find gaps in the coverage to avoid them, but any car driving down the road will definitely be seen.
Alarm! Various actions might cause the alarms in the industrial park to go off. If they do, a few things happen immediately:
 A loud ringing echoes through the entire industrial park  The hunters in warehouse 17 are instantly alerted, which changes the details in Chapter Six  One of the hunters goes to the roof with a sniper rifle (see below)  An automated call is sent in to the local police
The police will arrive in fifteen minutes if called. If the characters manage to shut the alarm off (building 1 contains the administrative offices), roll a die: If the number is higher than the number of minutes that have elapsed before the alarm is shut off, the police cancel the call and go back to their original beat. This means, after ten minutes, they will check out the industrial park no matter what. Use the stats for a Police Detective from Vampire, p. 371.

The security office is locked (Dexterity + Larceny, Difficulty 2 to unlock) and there is an alarm if the door is kicked in or damaged. If the characters get into the security computer (no roll needed--the password for the computer is on a nearby sticky note), they can find footage of the hunters arriving at the warehouse, including Moses Gardner. They enter the gate using the keypad and walk to warehouse 17, carrying several pistols and baseball bats, while Moses has a sub-machine gun. One of the hunters will take time to place something under some pallets outside warehouse 17 (these are the landmines, below).
Roof Sniper
If the alarm goes off, a hunter goes to the roof of warehouse 17 and attempts to shoot any characters that look suspicious. Consider him to be one of the crew (see sidebar): his dice pool is 5, and the sniper rifle has a damage value of +3. He knows all the crew by sight, but when in doubt, he'll shoot. (This does mean that he may end up shooting media or police officers if they don't identify themselves as such).
Landmines
Outside building 17, there are huge stacks of wooden pallets in front of the large delivery door. If the characters disturb the pallets, the landmines set underneath them will explode. The explosion counts as an eight-dice ranged attack against everyone within ten feet, with a damage value of +3. After that, the pallets will be on fire, which do Aggravated damage (as per Vampire, p. 221). The landmines will also set off the alarm (as per the sidebar above).
Once the pallets are either triggered or bypassed, the character can enter warehouse 17. Go to Chapter Six.

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

20

AULD SANGUINE
The Crew (Difficulty ···)
The crew know about Duke, and that he's been feeding off their friends and family, and they've decided to do something about it. There are five hunters: one sniper, and four in the warehouse. The stats below are for the ones in the warehouse--for the sniper, replace the large pistol with a sniper rifle, but it still has the same damage value (+3). Standard Dice Pools: Physical 4, Social 3, Mental 3 Secondary Attributes: Health 6, Willpower 4 Exceptional Dice Pools: Firearms 5, Intimidation 5, Larceny 7, Melee 5, Occult 4 Special: Kevlar vest (armor value 4), large pistol (damage value +3), baseball bat with silver spikes (damage value +2), three stakes

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

21

AULD SANGUINE

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

22

AULD SANGUINE

Chapter Six:
The Ball Drops

Once the characters enter the warehouse, read the following:
The warehouse is shrouded in darkness. None of the lights are on, although you can hear the faint whine of a generator somewhere. Once your eyes adjust to the darkness, you can see the warehouse itself is empty of packages or crates. Instead, cobwebs cling to rows upon rows of empty shelves. Near the large shipping doors, you see thick, rubber conveyer belts coated in dust and dirt. Above them lurks an ancient mechanical crane, dripping with rusty chains and cables. Against one wall you see a set of metal stairs that lead up to a glassed-in office that overlooks the floor.
If the alarm has gone off (see above) or the characters were seen entering the warehouse, read the following:
Suddenly, you hear a heavy switch being thrown, and all the lights pop on. From somewhere in the maze of shelving, you hear the hum of an ancient speaker come to life. "We only want the vampire known as Duke. Leave him, and the rest of you can go."
The trap has been sprung.
The Lights
All the lights in the warehouse have been replaced with ultraviolet bulbs. Most characters will

only feel a strange tingling on their skin, unless they have Fortitude or are wearing completely concealing clothing. Characters who have a specific Folkloric Bane Flaw against ultraviolet light treat the lights as sunlight (Vampire, p. 221).
The lights are controlled by two large switches. One is by the large shipping doors where the conveyer belts are, while the other is in the office. Both have a member of Moses' crew guarding it. The hunters believe the UVC lights will burn the vampires, causing them either flee (where they can be shot by the sniper) or run for one of the switches to shut them off. The fact that the lights have little-tono effect on the vampires will surprise the hunters, and if none of the vampires seem to be effected, the hunters guarding the switches will leave and make their way to the characters after a round.
Aside from the power switch, the office only has a beat-up desk (which the hunter hides behind) and an office chair with a broken wheel and torn cushions. All of the drawers of the desk are empty.
The Shelves
The shelves were at one point well organized, but the hunters have moved some shelves and knocked others over, making them into a maze. The shelves are tall enough that a character can crouch or crawl between them, but the sheer amount of them makes it hard to find many lines of sight for firearms.
Two hunters are hidden among the shelves, waiting to ambush the characters. One is hidden behind a toppled set of shelves, while another is crouched

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

23

AULD SANGUINE

on top of a set of shelves. Both will attempt to shoot at any lone or seemingly weak character they can before trying to disappear into the maze again. However, the open nature of the shelf maze makes it easy to find them once they attack, requiring only a Difficulty 1 Wits + Investigation roll to track them down.
The Crane and
Moses Gardener
Moses Gardner, the leader of the hunters, is in the operator's seat on the crane, using the radio in the crane to communicate through the warehouse speakers. The crane is damaged and doesn't work, but he's using it as a kind of crow's nest, able to see characters in the shelf maze and the glassed-in office. If the characters attempt to talk to him, he will use the radio to respond, but will abandon his post if he thinks the characters have learned his location.
If he sees Duke, he'll shoot his sub-machine gun at him (see sidebar). At that point, all planning will

go out the window, and Moses will do whatever he can to kill Duke. The rest of the crew aren't as invested as Moses, but they'll prioritize attacking Duke unless the other characters reveal their vampiric nature.
If Duke isn't visible, Moses will continue to verbally harass the characters. He'll assume they're more mortal lackeys of Duke, and try to appeal to their sensibilities, but he and his crew aren't afraid to try and kill them if necessary (seeing it as a mercy killing).
Beat on the Brat
If a hunter loses their gun or otherwise is forced into melee combat, they'll use a baseball bat they have strapped to their backs. Each bat has a large spike made of roughly molten silver stuck through it. Unless the character has the Folkloric Bane (silver) Flaw, the bat only does normal damage. Those with the Flaw take Aggravated damage (see Vampire, p. 182).

Moses Gardner (Difficulty ····)
Most of what Moses Gardner knows was picked up from old vampire films and some shady websites, but a little bit of psychological manipulation and a few trips to the local army surplus store more than make up for his lack of knowledge.
Standard Dice Pools: Physical 5, Social 4, Mental 4
Secondary Attributes: Health 7, Willpower 6
Exceptional Dice Pools: Firearms 8, Intimidation 6, Investigation 7, Melee 8, Occult 5
Special: Kevlar vest (armor value 4), SMG (damage value +4), baseball bat with spikes (damage value +2), three stakes

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

24

AULD SANGUINE

Epilogue:
A fter the Hunt

The end of the story is up to the characters. However, there are a few possible ways it could end.
 Leave Duke to his fate. The Anarch made his
bed, and now he can lie in it. If the characters agree to leave him behind, Duke will immediately turn and attack the characters. The hunters will stand back and wait until the fight is over, only intervening if it seems like Duke will escape. Otherwise, the hunters will let the characters leave, but any that appear obviously vampiric will be marked for future hunting.
 Kill the hunters. Aside from the traps the
hunters set, they aren't very experienced. Most vampires will have little trouble killing them, although they'll likely reveal that they are Kindred in the process. There aren't any other hunters aside from the ones in the warehouse and the sniper on the roof, so if they're all killed, that's the end of this hunt. Of course, several people being murdered in an out-ofthe-way warehouse at midnight on New Year's Eve will raise plenty of other questions.
 Flee the scene. The character might decide to
simply flee the scene. The hunters will do what they can to follow them, but once the characters have left the industrial park, they won't follow. If there was a gun battle outside and there are any hunters left, they will break into the security office and delete the footage, but the lack of footage will raise questions in any subsequent investigation.

 Interrogate them. If the characters capture
Moses or any of the other hunters, they'll spill everything. Moses Gardner discovered that his brother was killed by a vampire known only as "Duke." Through careful advertisement and word of mouth, he's built up a private support group with other locals which he just calls "the crew", who have also had family or friends terrorized by Duke.
If the hunters are captured, they will be terrified. They thought they understood what they were hunting, but confronted with the reality of it and being defeated by a Kindred, they'll realize they're powerless to stop them. They will beg and plead for their lives. If they are allowed to live, however, this may just embolden them (see below).
What's Next?
The story may be over, but there are still several plot threads that characters may choose to follow, leading to potential future stories.
 If any of the hunters survive, they now know
there's more than one vampire in the world. This may embolden them to expand their operations and become full-fledged hunters. However, they've also learned that taking on a group of vampires is risky. They'll attempt what Moses did with Duke: track down a single vampire and lead them into a trap, isolating them from their allies.
 It's possible that Moses got his information

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

25

and supplies from someone else. Perhaps athe Second Inquisition agency used Moses and his friends as catspaws to draw out the local Kindred population for their own purposes. What appears to be a conflict between a single vampire and a surviving mortal may be the first stage in a long-term operation to wipe out the local Kindred.
 Even if all the hunters are wiped out, none
of this would have happened if it weren't for Duke's sloppy feeding habits. The situation escalates as local media outlets get an anonymous email about Isabella's activities with Duke. The Camarilla might use this situation as a reason to come down hard on the Anarchs, which will just reinforce Duke's paranoia about them. The local Anarchs will be caught in the middle: do they support one of their more extreme brethren, or cooperate with their enemies and be seen as selling out?
 Although Moses and his crew were careful to
keep their activities quiet, it's possible that someone might have been investigating him, assuming him to be a serial killer. A freelancer reporter might get video footage of the confrontation in Chapter Six, leading to another potential violation of the Masquerade.
 If the characters kill Isabella, Duke will do
everything he can to hunt them down and kill them himself, even if it means having the other Anarchs come after him. If Duke dies, Isabella might similarly want revenge on the characters, although she will need to find a new ally to help her. She may cozy up to another Anarch to act as her supply of Kindred blood, or she may end up falling into the role of hunter herself. Especially if Moses and his crew leave a large supply of weapons behind.

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

26

AULD SANGUINE

AULD SANGUINE

Appendix:
Player Cha r acter
Coterie

While Auld Anguine may be played by any group, either as a oneshot Story or as part of a larger Chronicle, the following pages give player character options for those who do not have prepared characters and wish to jump right into the game.
Nate Dempsey (Frustrated Investigator)
Nate Dempsey wanted to change the world. But even though his father and brothers all went into the police force, Nate couldn't stomach the corruption he saw every day. So he became a private investigator, and ended up having the stomach the corruption that came into his office every day. Since becoming a Brujah, he channels his passion into protecting innocents from learning just how terrible the world really is. He's particularly fond of Nikki Meza, the great-granddaughter of his old partner who works as a defense lawyer.

Touchstones: Nikki Meza, a pro bono lawyer swamped in case work. Humanity: 6 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Composure 1; Intelligence 2, Wits 4, Resolve 3
Secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 4
Skills: Athletics 1, Brawl (grappling) 3, Drive 1, Firearms 3, Larceny 1; Insight 2, Intimidation 2, Persuasion 1, Streetwise 3; Awareness 2, Investigation (deduction) 4
Disciplines: Celerity 1 (Rapid Reflexes), Potence 2 (Lethal Body, Prowess), Presence 2 (Daunt, Lingering Kiss)

Clan: Brujah Embraced: 1961 (Born 1930) Ambition: I want to truly save someone from all the shit I see around me. Predator: Alleycat Convictions: Protect the innocent from harm.

Advantages: Contacts 3, Iron Gullet 3, Influence (local police) 1, Mask 2, Resources 1
Flaws: Obvious Predator 2

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

27

AULD SANGUINE

"Stormklara" Klara Larson (Fading Influencer)
A few years ago, Klara Larson had her fifteen minutes of fame. Using the name "Stormklara," she became a popular exercise influencer, quickly gaining followers and endorsement deals to showcase her distinct brand of entertaining exercise. Unfortunately, she gained too much attention, and became a Kindred after a feeding gone wrong. Now she's desperately trying to chase the high of fame while keeping a low profile as a vampire. Using her family as her herd helps for now, until her secret as a Cleaver gets out.
Clan: Caitiff Embraced: 2019 (Born 1999) Ambition: Leave a lasting legacy, so I will always be remembered. Predator: Cleaver Convictions: Thou shalt not kill. Touchstones: James Larson, my kid brother. Humanity: 7 Generation: 13th Blood Potency: 1

Scarlet Doherty (Struggling Murderer)
Scarlet Doherty always believed in doing the right thing. Even while training as a martial artist, she tried to control her strength, making sure not to hurt others. When she accidentally injured her sparring partner, she went into a depressive spiral. Becoming a Gangrel didn't help, nor did accidentally murdering the victim of her first feeding. Now she wants to push other monsters, and her work for the Camarilla gives her the focus she needs. Hopefully it'll keep her from going over the edge.
Clan: Gangrel Embraced: 1999 (Born 1971) Ambition: Become a good person, not a monster. Predator: Farmer Convictions: Obey authority; the guilty must be punished. Touchstones: Aisling Cole, a corrupt police officer; Zahraa Mercer, wife of the first person you murdered. Humanity: 8 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3; Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Composure 3; Intelligence 2, Wits 1, Resolve 2

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Composure 2; Intelligence 2, Wits 2, Resolve 3

Secondary Attributes: Health 6, Willpower 5
Skills: Athletics 2, Craft 1, Drive 1, Larceny 1; Etiquette 2, Insight 2, Leadership 1, Performance (speaking) 3, Persuasion (gaslighting) 3, Subterfuge (the long con) 3; Awareness 2, Finance 1, Occult 1, Politics 2, Technology 1
Disciplines: Auspex 1 (Sense the Unseen), Dominate 3 (Cloud Memory, Mesmerize, The Forgetful Mind)
Advantages: Fame (social media) 2, Haven 1, Herd 2, Looks 2, Resources 2

Secondary Attributes: Health 7 (with Resilience), Willpower 5
Skills: Athletics 2, Brawl (armed mortals) 4, Melee 3, Survival (hunting) 2; Animal Ken 1, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3; Awareness 2
Disciplines: Animalism 3 (Sense the Beast, Feral Whispers, Quell the Beast), Fortitude 1 (Resilience), Protean 1 (Eyes of the Beast)
Advantages: Allies (Frank Conroy, injured sparring partner) 1, Bloodhound 1, Mask 2 (Zeroed 1), Short Bond 2

Flaws: Dark Secret (Cleaver) 2, Folkloric Bane (holy water) 1, Stalkers 1, Suspect 1

Flaws: Destitute 1, Ugly 1, Vegan 2

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

28

AULD SANGUINE

Kacey Baxter (Confused Infiltrator)
Kacey has been so many people since their Embrace. They don't remember much about their life as a mortal--just strange dreams about a woman who said she loved them--but the only thing that really matters is making sure the Masquerade is preserved. Kacey loves insinuating themself into new environments during their missions. Some whisper that their Malkavian Bane causes them to get lost in the role, but Kacey sees that as a gift, a form of extreme method acting. Nothing to worry about, because they always make it back out of the role. Eventually.
Clan: Malkavian Embraced: 2009 (Born 1982) Ambition: Find a place where I can just be myself. Predator: Sandman Convictions: The guilty must be punished. Touchstones: Melinda Baxter, my spouse who still thinks I'm alive and is looking for me. Humanity: 7 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1

Emma Preston (Obsessive Occultist)
Emma always loved knowledge. Her obsession with reading whatever she could get her hands on led her into a wide variety of ever-changing interests, but she became most fascinated with parapsychology. Even though her theories were derided, she gained a small measure of fame, which drew the attention of the Kindred. Now she works to cover up the very knowledge she used to seek as a mortal, although she still keeps her finger in academic circles. Just in case.
Clan: Toreador Embraced: 2000 (Born 1969) Ambition: Pass on my accumulated knowledge without arousing suspicion Predator: Scene Queen (academia) Convictions: The truth is sacred; thou shalt not lie Touchstones: Noa Fernandez, a former student that streams "ghost hunts" Humanity: 7 Generation: 13th Blood Potency: 1

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2; Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Composure 3; Intelligence 2, Wits 3, Resolve 1

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1; Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Composure 3; Intelligence 4, Wits 3, Resolve 3

Secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 4

Secondary Attributes: Health 4, Willpower 6

Skills: Athletics 1, Larceny 1, Stealth (break-in) 1; Etiquette 2, Insight 3, Leadership 1, Performance (singing) 2, Persuasion 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge (impeccable lies) 3; Academics (research) 1, Awareness 2, Investigation 2, Occult 1, Technology 1
Disciplines: Auspex 2 (Heightened Senses, Premonition), Obfuscate 3 (Cloak of Shadows, Unseen Presence, Mask of a Thousand Faces)
Advantages: Contacts 3, Eat Food 2, Mask 2 (Cobbler 1), Resources 1
Flaws: Folkloric Block (cannot cross a threshold uninvited) 1, Long Bond 1

Skills: Etiquette (academia) 2, Insight 2, Persuasion 1; Academics (teaching) 3, Awareness 3, Investigation 2, Occult (parapsychology) 4, Science (mathematics) 3
Disciplines: Auspex 3 (Sense the Unseen, Premonition, Scry the Soul), Celerity 1 (Rapid Reflexes), Dominate 1 (Cloud Memory)
Advantages: Fame (academia) 1, Contacts 2, Eat Food 2, Influence (academia) 2, Herd 2
Flaws: Folkloric Bane (silver) 1, Prey Exclusion (nonacademics) 1

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

29

Sasha Morozov (Ambitious Legbreaker)
Sasha Morozov was a punk, in every sense of the word. Growing up as a first-generation American to two alcoholic parents who barely spoke English drove him out of the house and into the growing punk scene. He quickly fell in with a gang of straightedge punks--even getting Xs tattooed on his hands to signify his refusal to take drugs and alcohol--but soon he was working small jobs for organized crime. His intensity as a fighter drew the attention of his sire, and since then Sasha's been working his way up one broken leg at a time.
Clan: Ventrue (Clan Bane: can only feed from blood laced with adrenaline) Embraced: 1982 (Born 1961) Ambition: Make a name for myself, whatever the cost Predator: Siren Convictions: Never do drugs or alcohol Touchstones: Nails, former straightedge punk friend Humanity: 7 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Composure 2; Intelligence 2, Wits 2, Resolve 3
Secondary Attributes: Health 9 (Resilience included), Willpower 5
Skills: Athletics 2, Brawl (unarmed mortals) 3, Drive 1, Firearms 2, Larceny 2, Melee 2, Stealth 2, Survival 2; Etiquette 1, Insight 1, Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Persuasion 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge (seduction) 1; Awareness 1, Finance 1, Investigation 1, Technology 1
Disciplines: Dominate 1 (Compel), Fortitude 3 (Resilience, Toughness, Defy Bane)
Advantages: Herd 1, Influence (organized crime) 2, Looks 2, Mask 1, Resources 3
Flaws: Bond Junkie 1, Enemy (ex-lover) 1, Stigmata 1

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

30

AULD SANGUINE

Name "Stormklara" Klara Larson Chronicle Sire

Concept Fading Influencer

Predator Cleaver

Catiff Ambition Leaving a lasting legacy so I will always Clan be remembered.

Desire

Generation 13th

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength



Social

Charisma



Mental Intelligence 

Dexterity

 Manipulation 

Wits



Stamina

 Composure 

Resolve



Health
 

Willpower
 

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Larceny Melee Stealth Survival
Animalism
Sense the Unseen

     Animal Ken

     Academics

     Etiquette

     Awareness

     Insight

     Finance

     Intimidation

     Investigation

     Leadership

     Medicine

     Performance Speaking      Persuasion Gaslighting

     Occult      Politics

     Streetwise

     Science

     Subterfuge The long con

     Technology

DISCIPLINES

 Dominate



Cloud Memory Mesmerize The Forgetful Mind

        








Resonance

Hunger     

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Humanity          

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions James Larson, my kid brother.
Thou shalt not kill

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Fame (social media) Haven Herd Looks Resources Flaws: Dark Secret (Cleaver) Folklord Bane (holy water) Stalkers Suspect
Notes



Blood Potency  

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

 

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

 

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

  

Total Experience Spent Experience

  

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death

Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Name Kacey Baxter Chronicle Sire

Concept Confused Infiltrator

Predator Sandman

Ambition Find a place where I can just be myself
Desire

Clan Malkavian Generation 12th

Physical

Strength



Dexterity



Stamina



ATTRIBUTES

Social

Charisma



Manipulation 

Composure 

Mental Intelligence 

Wits



Resolve



Health
 

Willpower
 

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Larceny Melee Stealth Break-in Survival
Animalism
Hightened Senses Premonition

     Animal Ken

     Academics Research

     Etiquette

     Awareness

     Insight

     Finance

     Intimidation

     Investigation

     Leadership

     Medicine

     PerformanceSinging

     Occult

     Persuasion

     Politics

     Streetwise

     Science

     Subterfuge Impeccable lies      Technology

DISCIPLINES

 Obfuscate



Cloak of Shadows Unseen Presence Mask of a Thousand Faces

        








Resonance

Hunger     

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Humanity          

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions Melinda Baxter, my spouse who still thinks I'm alive and is looking for me
The guilty must be punished

Clan Bane

Contacts

Advantages & Flaws



Blood Potency  

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

Eat Food Mask (Cobbler 1) Resources

   

Power Bonus Feeding Penalty

Rouse Re-Roll Bane Severity

Flaws:



Folklord Block cannot cross a threshold uninvited     

Long bond



Total Experience Spent Experience

     True age

 

Apparent age Date of birth Date of death

Notes

Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Name Emma Preston Chronicle Sire

Concept Obsessive Occultist

Predator Scene Queen academia

Toreador Ambition Pass on my accumulated knowledge Clan without arousing suspicion

Desire

Generation 13th

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength



Social

Charisma



Mental Intelligence 

Dexterity

 Manipulation 

Wits



Stamina

 Composure 

Resolve



Health
 

Willpower
 

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Larceny Melee Stealth Survival
Auspex
Sense the Unseen Premonition Scry the Soul

     Animal Ken

     Academics Research

     Etiquette Academia

     Awareness

     Insight

     Finance

     Intimidation

     Investigation

     Leadership

     Medicine

     Performance

     Occult parapsychology

     Persuasion

     Politics

     Streetwise

     Science mathematics

     Subterfuge

     Technology

DISCIPLINES

 Dominate



Cloud Memory

        


Celerity
Rapid Reflexes







Resonance

Hunger     

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Humanity          

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions
Noa Fernandez, a former student that streams "ghost hunts"
The truth is sacred; thou shalt not lie

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Fame (academia) Contacts Eat Food Influence (academia) Herd Flaws: Folklord Bane silver Prey Exclusion (non-academics)
Notes



Blood Potency  

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

 

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

 

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

  

Total Experience Spent Experience

  

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death

Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Name Nate Dempsey
Chronicle Sire

Concept Frustrated Investigator

Predator Alleycat

Brujah Ambition I truly want to save someone from all Clan the shit i see around me

Desire

Generation 12th

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength



Social

Charisma



Mental Intelligence 

Dexterity

 Manipulation 

Wits



Stamina

 Composure 

Resolve



Health
 

Willpower
 

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Grappling Craft Drive Firearms Larceny Melee Stealth Survival
Celerity
Rapid Reflexes

     Animal Ken

     Academics

     Etiquette

     Awareness

     Insight

     Finance

     Intimidation

     Investigation Deduction

     Leadership

     Medicine

     Performance

     Occult

     Persuasion

     Politics

     Streetwise

     Science

     Subterfuge

     Technology

DISCIPLINES

 Presence



Daunt

Lingering Kiss

        


Potence
Lethal Body Prowess







Resonance

Hunger     

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Humanity          

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions Nikki Meza, a pro bono lawyer swamped in case work.
Protect the Innocent from harm

Clan Bane

Contacts

Advantages & Flaws

Iron Gullet Influence (local police)

Mask Resources

Flaws:

Obvious Predator

Notes



Blood Potency  

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

 

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

 

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

  

Total Experience Spent Experience

  

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death

Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Name Sasha Morozov Chronicle Sire

Concept Ambitious Legbreaker Ambition Pass on my accumulated knowledge
without arousing suspicion
Desire

Predator Siren Clan Ventrue Generation 12th

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength



Social

Charisma



Mental Intelligence 

Dexterity

 Manipulation 

Wits



Stamina

 Composure 

Resolve



Health
 

Willpower
 

SKILLS

Athletics

     Animal Ken

     Academics

Brawl unarmed mortals      Etiquette

     Awareness

Craft

     Insight

     Finance

Drive

     Intimidation

     Investigation

Firearms

     Leadership

     Medicine

Larceny

     Performance

     Occult

Melee

     Persuasion

     Politics

Stealth

     Streetwise

     Science

Survival

     Subterfuge seduction

     Technology

Dominate
Compel

DISCIPLINES

     Fortitude



Resilience Toughness Defy Bane

        








Resonance

Hunger     

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Humanity          

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions Nails, former straightedge punk friend

Clan Bane
Can only feed from blood laced with adrenaline

Never do drugs or alcohol

Herd

Advantages & Flaws

Influence (organized crime)

Looks

Mask

Resources

Flaws:

Bond Junkie Enemy (ex-lover)

Stigmata

Notes



Blood Potency  

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

 

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

 

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

  

Total Experience Spent Experience

  

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death

Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Name Scarlet Doherty Chronicle

Concept Struggling Murderer

Predator Farmer

Gangrel Ambition Become a good person, not a monster Clan

Sire

Desire

Generation 12th

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength



Social

Charisma



Mental Intelligence 

Dexterity

 Manipulation 

Wits



Stamina

 Composure 

Resolve



Health
 

Willpower
 

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Armed Mortals Craft Drive Firearms Larceny Melee Stealth Survival Hunting
Animalism
Sense the Beast Feral Whispers Quell the Beast

     Animal Ken

     Academics

     Etiquette

     Awareness

     Insight

     Finance

     Intimidation

     Investigation

     Leadership

     Medicine

     Performance

     Occult

     Persuasion

     Politics

     Streetwise

     Science

     Subterfuge

     Technology

DISCIPLINES

 Fortitude



Resiliance

        


Protean
Eyes of the Beast







Resonance

Hunger     

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.

Humanity          

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions Aisling Cole, a corrupt police officer Zahraa Mercer, wife of the first person you murdered
Obey authority; the guilty must be punished

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Allies Frank Conroy, injured sparring partner



Blood Potency  

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

Bloodhound Mask (Zeroed 1)

 

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

Short Bond

 

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

Flaws: Destitute Ugly Vegan
Notes

  

Total Experience Spent Experience

  

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death

Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

Downloaded by on 1/31/2024 . Unauthorized distribution prohibited.
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

