LOVE BITES
A NEW YEAR'S STORY FOR

LOVE BITES

AUTHOR: Rachel J. Wilkinson DEVELOPER: Juhana Pettersson
PRODUCER: Kevin Schluter ART DIRECTOR: Sarah Robinson COVER AND INTERIOR ARTIST: Raquel Cornejo GRAPHIC DESIGNER: Sarah Robinson COPY EDITOR: Shawn Banerjee PROOFREADER: Nathan Gerber
CULTURAL CONSULTANT: Logan Boese

WORLD OF DARKNESS BRAND MANAGEMENT VICE PRESIDENT: Sean Greaney EDITOR: Karim Muammar ART DIRECTOR: Tomas Arfert
MARKETING MANAGER: Jason Carl PARTNERSHIPS MANAGER: Dhaunae De Vir COMMUNITY DEVELOPER: Martyna "Outstar" Zych
LICENSING MANAGER: Nikola Filipov CAMPAIGN MANAGER: Viktor Bovallius COMMUNITY MANAGER: Debbie Lane

RENEGADE GAME STUDIOS

PRESIDENT & PUBLISHER: Scott Gaeta

PRODUCER, RPGS: Kevin Schluter

VICE PRESIDENT SALES: Andrew Lupp

ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, RPGS: Ben Heisler

CONTROLLER: Robyn Gaeta

LEAD DEVELOPER, WORLD OF DARKNESS: Juhana Pettersson

DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS: Leisha Cummins

SENIOR GAME DESIGNER: Matt Hyra

ASSOCIATE PROJECT MANAGER: Katie Gjesdahl

GAME DESIGNERS: Dan Blanchett, Christopher Chung, & Sarah Rowan

SALES ASSISTANT: Sophia Gambill

PLAYTEST COORDINATOR: Marcus E. Burchers

E-COMMERCE: Nick Medinger

DIRECTOR OF VISUAL DESIGN: Anita Osburn

MARKETING MANAGER: Jordan Gaeta

CREATIVE DIRECTOR, GAMES: Jeanne Torres

MARKETING ASSISTANT: Anais Morgan

CREATIVE DIRECTOR, RPGS: Sarah Robinson

SENIOR PRODUCER, BOARD & CARD GAMES: Dan Bojanowski CREATIVE PRODUCTION: Noelle Lopez & Gordon Tucker

ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, BOARD & CARD GAMES: Kane Klenko

CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER: Jenni Janikowski

ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, HEROSCAPE: Lee Houff

CUSTOMER SERVICE: Bethany Bauthues

FINANCE CLERK: Madeline Minervini

This work uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.
Vampire: The Masquerade creators: Mark Rein·Hagen with Justin Achilli, Steven C. Brown, Tom Dowd, Andrew Greenberg, Chris McDonough, Lisa Stevens, Josh Timbrook, and Stewart Wieck.
Vampire: The Masquerade 5th Edition created by Martin Ericsson, Karim Muammar, and Kenneth Hite

© 2023 Paradox Interactive® AB. Vampire: The Masquerade® ­ are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Paradox Interactive AB in Europe, the U.S., and other countries. ©2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved.
Visit the World of Darkness online at www.worldofdarkness.com

2

Table of Contents

Introduction

4

Background

4

The Cleopatras

4

A Maréchal Coterie of Neonates

5

What's Really Going On

5

Chapter One: Penthouse Party

7

Yes, Like the Book

8

Chapter Two: On the Road

10

A Quick Stop

10

Chapter Three: Midnight in the Warrens

13

Masks

13

The Queen of Yima

14

Watching the Clock

15

William Cray

15

The Midnight Toast

17

Gatsby's Plan

18

Finding Gatsby

18

Chapter Four: Where is Gatsby?

18

Bodie's Body Shop

21

Chapter Five: The Choice

22

Auld Lang Syne

22

Welcome to the New Year

23

Continuing the Story

23

Appendix: The Players' Coterie

25

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

INTRODUCTION
On the last night of the year, the Prince summons you to her penthouse, where she entrusts you with escorting her grandchilde to a New Year's Eve party in the Nosferatu warrens. Her only requirement is that you return him to her before dawn without a scratch on his precious head. What could possibly go wrong?

CONTENT WARNING Vampire: The Masquerade addresses the darkness of the real world through horror stories. This story includes in-world references and expressions of the following: addiction, drug use, sex, violence, and death.
JUMPING RIGHT IN If this story isn't part of an established chronicle, and the players don't have time to make their own characters, we've provided a coterie of six ready-to-play vampires. They're a legacy Maréchal coterie working for the city's Prince (see Vampire, p. 198). This group hasn't been together forever, so there is as much to discover about each other as there is about the story.
Background
Love Bites features the messy entanglements that emerge when what passes for love among the Kindred meets politics. On New Year's Eve, the Prince entrusts an up-and-coming Maréchal coterie with what seems like an easy task: escort her prodigal grandchilde, Gatsby, to a Nosferatu party hosted by visiting Cleopatras, ensure he has a memorable night, and safely return him to her penthouse before dawn.
To accomplish this, they must contend with Gatsby's antics, face the inconveniences of a celebrating city, and get him to the warrens before midnight to honor the Nosferatu with a New Year's toast.

However, as the night progresses, the coterie realizes the Prince has used them as pawns in a calculated snub intended to offend the Cleopatras. Amid rising political tensions, the night turns frantic when Gatsby mysteriously vanishes after he delivers the midnight toast. The potential for political fallout escalates as the coterie investigates his disappearance and searches for their erstwhile charge.
When the coterie finally locates Gatsby, they discover he had his own plan for the night: to defect to the Anarchs without his grandsire knowing. Motivated by the chance to be with the object of his romantic obsession, the thin-blood Miriam, he uses a redrawing of territory lines as a basis to claim sanctuary. Gatsby leaves the coterie with a choice: haul him back to the Prince (even if it's against his will), return to the penthouse empty-handed, or find a third way to resolve the night.
The Cleopatras
A Nosferatu cult, known as the Cleopatrans of Yima, formed at the height of Caesar Augustus' Rome. Most Kindred believed they disappeared with the fall of the Western Roman Empire. However, rumors surfaced during the 20th century of the rare Nosferatu adorning themselves with jewelry, masks, and luxurious garments. In the 21st century, the Cleopatrans have flourished as a full-fledged revival cult. Perfumed and prideful, Cleopatras (purposefully dropping the n) accentuate and prettify their hideous features using

4

LOVE BITES

makeup, baubles, and elaborate outfits as an ode to the grandeur of royalty while making a mockery of the surface-level beauty worshipped by the modern world.
The Cleopatras embrace transformation, rejecting conventional beauty to make themselves the objects of fascination. They act as walking testimonies to the enduring allure of the grotesque adorned with splendor. Their macabre elegance challenges perceptions and adds a seductive edge to their eccentricity. As figures of mystery and charm, they take center stage at their renowned masquerade balls, attracting Kindred of all clans who dare to challenge the standards of aesthetic appeal.
Their political goals are just as transgressive. With an unshakeable belief in their right to rule, they accept leadership positions in both the Camarilla and Anarch Movements. While a Cleopatra has yet to rise to the position of Prince or a prominent Anarch leader, Nosferatu know it's only a matter of time. Kindred in positions of power--notably the Ventrue and Toreador--have also taken notice of the faction's ambitions and its ethos of clan solidarity, which makes a snub from the city's Prince all the more meaningful.
For more information on Cleopatrans, see Cults of the Blood Gods, p. 115.

PLAYING ANARCHS Love Bites is written as a Camarilla story but can become an Anarch Movement story with a few changes. It can occur in an Anarch city with the Camarilla demanding additional territory to keep the peace. And the coterie can serve an Anarch leader instead of the Prince, with Gatsby defecting to the Camarilla to be with the object of his affections, Miriam. Miriam may want to take the brand in this version rather than already having it. Watch for hints like this throughout the story to help adjust scenes.
PLAYING NOSFERATU Portraying a Nosferatu or having multiple Nosferatu at the table can add extra dimensions to this story. And it may be worth having a brief conversation about Cleopatras. You can ask questions like: How does your character feel about the Cleopatras, sect unity, and ruling a city? How do you prioritize your loyalties? Which comes first, your city, your clan, or your coterie?
Those answers might clarify a player's character perspective in a story where Nosferatu characters could become the rope in a political tug-of-war. Keep an eye out for Sewer Rat insights that can help portray a Nosferatu in this story.

A Maréchal Coterie of
Neonates
The characters provided for this story are a Maréchal coterie serving the Prince. This is a prestige assignment. The coterie's actions reflect on their patron and the sires who jockeyed to secure their childer's place in it, making duty and reputation aspects that raise the stakes and increase the pressure.
Two such sires are Emerick and Marcus Vandenberg. Their childer, Rhatha and Nonso, respectively, are new to the coterie and eager to impress. Ethan and Dania are veteran members with some experience. And while the Prince chose Catalina to lead as Captain, the coterie made Montgomery the Master at Arms.
For more information on the Maréchal coterie type, see Vampire Players Guide, p. 164.

What's Really Going On
The Prince's assignment appears simple on the surface, but the political maneuvers hidden underneath are not. The city's Nosferatu were instrumental in brokering a peace deal between the Camarilla and the Anarch Movement. At the stroke of midnight, ushering in the new year, the Camarilla must relinquish a significant portion of the city's medical district--an undeniably valuable piece of real estate--to the Anarchs. It goes without saying that this compromise has left the Prince far from pleased.
A Transfer of Territory
A Prince can only rule through force of will for so long, and in recent months, she has had to contend with the growing power of the local Anarchs. To achieve a lasting peace, she invited the most prominent of the Anarch leaders to negotiate territory. He refused the

5

invitation and threatened to force the issue through violence. Just as the Prince was about to respond in kind, the local, unusually well-organized clan Nosferatu stepped in. Citing a major boon owed to them by the Prince, they asked that Her Majesty cede most of the medical district to the Anarchs. As a result, the Anarchs accepted and agreed to peace. The change takes place at the stroke of midnight with the expectation that the Prince will offer a toast to the Nosferatu to commemorate it.
While the Nosferatu believe they have succeeded in brokering stability between the Prince and the Anarch Movement, the Prince thinks the Nosferatu have doomed the Camarilla's hold over the city. As a gesture of her displeasure, albeit a petty one, she will send her grandchilde to the Nosferatu New Year's Eve party in her stead. The act is a deliberate slight to those who forced her hand. But regardless of how the drama

unfolds, the territory changes hands from the Ivory Tower to the Anarch Movement at midnight.
A Defection
Gatsby, the Prince's grandchilde, is every bit a typical Toreador: a medley of entitlement, decadence, and hedonism. His considerable wealth and influence afford him a lifestyle of indulgence. Yet beneath his bon vivant façade lies a profound romantic desire for Miriam, a branded thin-blood serving the Prince. Knowing his grandsire would never let him be with Miriam, Gatsby has decided to use New Year's Eve as their chance to abandon the Camarilla. With the deal already in place, the Anarchs offer Miriam and Gatsby safe harbor if he can get to the medical district after midnight.
That is, if he can elude his Maréchal chaperons.

6

LOVE BITES
Chapter One:
PENTHOUSE PARTY

A New Year's Eve party hosted by the Prince is underway, with some of the city's most influential and powerful Kindred in attendance. Immense windows stretch from floor to ceiling, providing an uninterrupted view of the city, its skyline awash in various shades of bronze. Fine artworks grace the penthouse walls, echoing the Toreador Prince's discerning aesthetic appreciation. Guests sit on leather sofas, the color of dark chocolate, quietly sharing their thoughts on the local Camarilla's agreement with the Anarch Movement. Tantalizing blood dolls glide past you, their offerings scenting the air with metallic sweetness, while the Prince charms a Primogen near an endless wall of bookshelves. The rows of bindings behind her create a patchwork of wellworn leather and gold leaf. With her in clear view, you scan the room, noting who is and isn't in attendance.
It's the evening of December 31st, and the most elite Kindred in the city join the Prince to watch the ball drop. If the players are using the pre-generated characters listed in the Appendix: Players' Coterie,

p. 2, Rhatha's sire, Emerick, is in attendance, along with Nonso's sire, Marcus Vandenberg. If you're adapting this story into an ongoing chronicle, you can also add or leave absent Storyteller characters of your own. That said, unless a Nosferatu Storyteller character is part of the players' Maréchal coterie, they should be noticeably absent--or at least unseen--at the Cleopatras party in the warrens.
Characters can engage guests in conversation or eavesdrop on tidbits of city politics as they watch over the Prince. You can add rumors or revelations from ongoing chronicles along with the gossip listed.  The Nosferatu have offered an open invitation to
any Kindred, regardless of sect, to join them at a New Year's Eve party in the city warrens.  A visiting group of Nosferatu, colloquially known as "Cleopatras," are the hosts of a party in the warrens.  Over the past few months, the Camarilla and local Anarchs have been in intense negotiations. During these talks, a Brujah named William Cray represented the Anarch Movements' interests. According to rumor, William Cray is a former Ivory Tower member and a sect war veteran.  The Red Row is a four-block strip of real estate in the medical district known for its extensive blood storage, laboratories, and transfusion services. Over the years, the Prince has poured money

7

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

and influence into the project to benefit the local Camarilla. But the Nosferatu forced her to hand it over to the Anarch Movement to keep the peace.  The growing population of thin-bloods in correlation with the Anarchs' expanding power base has many Camarilla Kindred concerned. Some suggest it's time to adopt more draconian policies regarding the Duskborn.
PLAYING ANARCHS While the Anarch Movement is generally more welcoming of Duskborn than the Camarilla, the thinbloods can be an asset to any sect intent on growing their territory. It wouldn't be unreasonable for the Camarilla to launch a recruitment effort persuading thinbloods to join the sect by making promises they don't intend to fulfill. Or, perhaps, they might cater to the desires of the Duskborn long enough for them to serve as frontline soldiers in their turf war with the Anarchs. For example, the Camarilla might offer "signing bonuses" to Duskborn who join the Ivory Tower with the promise of becoming a "real vampire."
SEWER RAT INSIGHT The Cleopatras are a faction of Nosferatu that have ambitious political aspirations. Choosing to host a New Year's Eve party in this city on this night speaks to their esteem for the local clan members who brokered the territory deal and the opportunities they see for the future. They are also notoriously prideful, and any Nosferatu favoring the Prince's soiree over theirs without good reason could earn a healthy dose of sideeye from the clan.

Yes, Like the Book
An abrasive, cackling laugh shatters the conversational hum of sophistication. A lean man, with strength that's more dancer than fighter, sweeps into the party with a blood doll on each arm. He strides with unapologetic audacity toward the Prince. Several guests cringe or avert their gaze, their embarrassment palpable, yet the Prince remains unruffled. With a tilt of her head, she beckons you to join her.
"This is my grandchilde, Gatsby," she says, introducing you to the younger Toreador. "I require that you be his guide for the evening. The Nosferatu have organized a New Year's Eve fête, where Gatsby will make a midnight toast honoring the clan for their contributions to the city's peace. I need you to ensure his timely arrival and, more importantly, that he returns here before dawn." At this, Gatsby releases his two companions and dips into an exaggerated bow, his voice ringing with a confidence that borders on defiance. "I stand at your disposal, Your Majesty, forever your humble and obedient servant."
The Prince, in return, offers an indifferent nod before proceeding with her instructions. "Through that door is Clement, my aide. He will ensure you are properly dressed and equipped for the evening. You also have free use of my driver, who waits for you downstairs."

8

GATSBY, SPOILED BON VIVANT (DIFFICULTY 3) Gatsby is a walking, talking, blood-sucking master of ceremonies. With a rolodex of contacts and seemingly limitless wealth, every night with him is a smorgasbord of hedonism. Yet, his true talent is in his capacity to make others feel seen and valued. Through his intense, captivating gaze, a tailored personal question, and the subtle reassurance of a placed hand, he deftly dismantles even the most formidable social defenses. Once he breaches someone's reservations, Gatsby's inherent Toreador charm unfurls, making the individual feel extraordinary. Clan: Toreador Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Composure 3; Intelligence 2, Wits 3, Resolve 2 Secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 5 Skills: Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Drive 1; Insight 2, Performance 3, Persuasion 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3; Awareness 2, Investigation 2, Politics 3, Technology 2 Disciplines: Auspex 3 (Heightened Senses, Premonition, Scry the Soul), Celerity 3 (Cat's Grace, Fleetness, Traversal), Presence 3 (Awe, Lingering Kiss, Entrancement) Humanity: 6 Blood Potency: 2
The tall and impeccably dressed ghoul, Clement, stands by patiently, surrounded by an extensive collection of the latest high-fashion clothing. Here lies an opportunity for the players' characters to indulge--or not indulge--their inner haute couture. Whether it be a precision-crafted tuxedo with intricate silverthreaded embroidery sprawled across the back, buttery soft leather pants with a tapered rock-n-roll fit, or cascading, floor-length gown in a rich shade of aubergine, there is no price too high. Conversely, if a character's style is more street, Clement can provide an array of garments from bomber jackets to band t-shirts. The Prince spares no expense or inconvenience and includes a few handpicked items based on what she understands as the characters' tastes.
Alongside the lavish clothing collection is a spread of weaponry available for characters who prefer to be armed. The arsenal includes an array of knives, clubs, swords, pistols, and shotguns, though all strictly civilian grade. Clement issues a gentle reminder that the city is swarming with police tonight, and firearms could risk unwanted attention. From a storytelling perspective, this scene can show the benefits of working for the Prince, and you can highlight the access the characters have to luxury and weaponry.
Gatsby selects a sharp white suit, a medium-sized pistol, and two new blood dolls to accompany him to the ground floor, where their car awaits.
9

LOVE BITES

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

Chapter Two:

ON THE

ROAD

The coterie exits the building and piles into a sleek, upscale SUV to head to the Cleopatra party. The vehicle comfortably carries nine passengers and has leather seats, a tinted moonroof, and premium surround sound. Dressed in customary black, the driver introduces herself as Miriam. A Difficulty 2 Wits + Investigation roll clocks the crescent moon brand on her exposed wrist, marking her as a thin-blood.
MIRIAM, THIN-BLOOD DRIVER (DIFFICULTY 2) As a transfusion nurse working late at a Red Row blood bank, all Miriam needed was thirty minutes to rest her eyes. But when a vampire discovered her asleep in her car, she woke up with a bad case of the undeads. She knew something had happened to her when she returned to work with a ravenous hunger that only blood would sate. Clan: Thin-Blood Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Composure 2; Intelligence 3, Wits 4, Resolve 2 Secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 4 Skills: Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Craft (Graffiti Art) 4, Drive 2, Larceny 1; Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1; Awareness 1, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Technology 3 Disciplines: Obfuscate 2 (Cloak of Shadows, Unseen Passage) Humanity: 7 Blood Potency: 0 Merits: Day Drinker (Thin-Blood) Flaws: Mortal Frailty (Thin-Blood), Branded by the Camarilla (Thin-Blood)

On a regular night, reaching the warrens would be a brisk twenty-minute drive. But tonight, the New Year's Eve festivities have the roads gridlocked. As the coterie sits in traffic, Gatsby seizes the conversation. The selfstyled master of icebreaking asks about everyone's New Year's resolution. "Come on, don't be shy. Fine, fine. I'll go first. In the New Year, I plan to follow my heart wherever it leads." Like a lecherous wolf, he zeroes in on one of the blood dolls. And in a blink, he snatches her into his lap as she squeals with delight. Miriam glances at the Toreador's antics in the rear-view mirror before flicking her attention back to the road. "Who's next?" Gatsby asks before taking a sip off his blood doll. "Anyone care for a taste?"
A Quick Stop
Knowing Gatsby and Miriam plan to defect this evening, the Anarchs are already in motion. Two of their members shadow the SUV to tag the car with a GPS device, get the license plate number, or anything else that helps them keep tabs on the pair. Gatsby and Miriam aim to stop the car without alerting the coterie. The following three scenes are optional avenues that bring the vehicle to a halt. You can use as many or few as you want in any order, or you can use them as inspiration. For the two Anarchs, use the stats for the Revolutionaries found in Vampire, p. 374.

10

LOVE BITES
GATSBY AND MIRIAM Both Gatsby and Miriam offer no hint of their affair. Miriam maintains her professionalism, while Gatsby seems interested in anyone but her. He even talks down to her when opportunities present themselves, treating her like the help. While not cruel or abusive, he does let his chauvinistic and elitist sides shine. Miriam grits her teeth and bears it knowing their freedom lies on the other side of the night.
However, if a character wants to zero in on how Miriam feels, a simple test of Resolve + Insight with a Difficulty of 3 reveals that she's annoyed but hopeful. And it's the hope that might seem just a bit strange under the circumstances.
For new players or experienced players portraying new characters, the car ride lets characters get to know each other and build rapport. Don't shy away from using Gatsby as a foil for the other characters. Their reactions to his antics can be part of the fun. The coterie is also free to ask questions of Gatsby and Miriam. Miriam will answer questions as straightforward as possible unless they risk exposing their plan. If anyone asks why she's a branded member of the Camarilla, she replies that the Camarilla found her first. A simple test of Wits + Insight with a Difficulty 2 reveals that while Miriam is being factually accurate, she's anxious about talking about herself--or at least talking about herself while in front of a coterie loyal to the Prince.
By contrast, Gatsby is unabashedly talkative. He converses fluently about the latest trends and bounces from one topic to another--the recent Hollywood scandal, fashion choices at the Met Gala, the newest tech gadget, and so on. If the players are using the pre-generated characters from the Appendix: Players' Coterie, Gatsby has seen Catalina's work, heard of Dania's Adelina Fairfax series, and knows both Montgomery and Nonso by reputation. Ethan and Rhatha, on the other hand, he doesn't know. If pressed on anything remotely close to a serious question, Gatsby deftly changes the subject.
11

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

Drunk Stop
The SUV slows unexpectedly, blocked by a police checkpoint. Police officers are a common sight around the city tonight, setting up sobriety checks at strategic locations. If the characters opt to stay in line, they'll encounter two officers each at Difficulty 2, followed by a brief vehicle inspection using their flashlights to glance in the back. Miriam hasn't been drinking, and the coterie boasts enough social savvy to talk their way past the stop. However, any hostile behavior or visible firearm could rapidly escalate the situation. In the meantime, the two Anarchs attempt to attach a GPS device to the SUV. The characters could spot this with a successful simple test of Wits + Investigation with a Difficulty 3.
Alternatively, the coterie has the option to avoid the drunk stop entirely. The move disrupts the Anarchs' plan and tacks on an extra twenty minutes of travel time.
A Crowd of Drunks
A crowd of drunken revelers spill into the street at a stop sign and encircles the vehicle. The Difficulty 1 partygoers, fueled by alcohol-induced mayhem, bang on the windows screaming "Happy New Year." It seems like a minor inconvenience until one of the guys sees Miriam in the driver's seat. He yells, "Hey! Hey! Roll down the window! I want to wish you Happy New Year!" When she doesn't and tries to ignore him, his eyes narrow. "Oh, I see. You're one of those uppity bitches that needs to get fucked." Miriam's grip tightens on the steering wheel.
Gatsby's eyes flash with momentary anger, but remembering the company he's in, he laughs as he lowers the window. He waves the guy over. "Come here, friend. I have a secret to tell you." The drunk stumbles over to Gatsby's window as the Toreador waves him in closer. But once within reach, Gatsby takes the guy by the back of the neck and smashes his head into the car. The drunk's friends gasp and besiege the vehicle. Miriam waits for someone in the coterie to tell her what to do.
During the chaos, the Anarchs find an opportune moment to plant a GPS device on the SUV if they haven't already. Once again, a successful simple test of Wits + Investigation with a Difficult of 3 reveals them.
Drug Deal Sideshow
Out of the blue, Gatsby points at a side street. "Turn

here." Miriam does, and she stops outside a nail salon with a bright pink neon sign. "I need to grab some party favors for these beautiful women," he says, noting the two blood dolls. Gatsby jumps out of the SUV and heads down an alley next to the salon. He stops at the door, knocks four times, and waits. A moment later, the door creaks open, and Gatsby slips inside. If the characters wait for Gatsby in the car, he returns in five minutes with an 8-ball of cocaine for the blood dolls. If the characters go with him, they find themselves in the storage room of the nail salon, face to face with two dapperly dressed gentlemen. The drug dealers wear matching velvet tuxedos and are on their way to a New Year's Eve party but spare their old pal Gatsby a few minutes to sell to him. He puts a stack of bills on the counter, grabs the drugs, and then departs.
Once again, during the deal, if the Anarchs haven't planted a GPS tracker on the SUV, they try again here. If Miriam is the only person in the SUV when this happens, the Anarchs are automatically successful.
Note: Although many Kindred, even some who consider themselves humane, treat blood dolls like they're disposable, the Storyteller should avoid doing so. If you want to highlight Gatsby's monstrous privilege, you can show him unthinkingly feeding drugs to the dolls to make their blood more fun to drink, possibly leading to an overdose when he's already looking elsewhere.
Caught in the Act
If a player's character spots the Anarchs during their covert operation, the coterie can confront them. The Anarchs want to avoid a fight and will flee the scene if given the chance. Gatsby may subtly assist in deescalating tensions by reminding everyone about the recent peace agreement between the Camarilla and Anarchs. He further emphasizes that any indiscretions committed by the Anarchs will be duly addressed through diplomatic measures, specifically, his grandsire.
PLAYING ANARCHS Camarilla vampires are unlikely to use networked technology to track the SUV. Instead, they turn to bloodstones. The ritual is in Vampire, p. 276. You can also swap out the Anarchs for two neonate blood sorcerers.

12

Chapter Three:

LOVE BITES

MIDNIGHT

IN THE

WARRENS

Eventually, the SUV pulls up along an access road parallel to a busy highway. Parking behind a string of similarly stopped luxury vehicles, Gatsby exits and strolls along the sidewalk toward an overpass. Miriam agrees to wait for the next several hours until the coterie returns.
The noise from the overhead traffic helps keep their destination hidden--a service entrance into the city's underground. The group descends a metal staircase lit by Christmas lights. The lights guide them along a sewer line toward a second, larger door where a Nosferatu stands guard. Seeing the high-profile guests' approach, he opens it without a word.
Masks
Just inside, a ghoul attendant serving a Malkavian allied to the Cleopatras operates a makeshift coatroom. But

instead of taking coats, she gazes at each Kindred for a moment before handing each guest a unique, ornate mask. These masks reflect the Predator type of each wearer, and while some masks share similarities, no two masks are exactly alike.
If a character has a Predator type other than the ones listed, create an original artistic aesthetic by combining ideas from the chart or use the list as inspiration. So long as the mask matches the strange and macabre nature of the others, it should fit right in.
Once the players' characters adorn their masks, and Gatsby puts on his (a black leather mask with zippers running diagonally like fingernails raked over his face), the coterie passes through another set of heavily patinaed doors to join the party.

13

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

The Queen of Yima
The Nosferatu New Year's Eve party is the antithesis of the Prince's penthouse, a phantasmagoric carnival nestled within the bowels of the city. Concealed behind the theatrics of their ghastly masks, you weave through gluts of bodies dancing to the beat of synth-pop tunes, vampires leading mesmerized or desperate victims into dark nooks, and a menagerie of masks exchanging commentary on the edges. Strings of lights and LED strips illuminate the chamber in shades of neon red and blue and surround a colossal, cracked television with a live feed of Times Square and its countdown clock.
Dido, your Cleopatra host for the evening, glides toward you. Dressed in glistening gold fabrics that ripple like liquid and an elaborate headdress of dark, tarnished metal, she is like a gilt statue of a goddess. Gossamerthin metal chains spill from her arms like waterfalls, connecting to corset piercings along her back and thighs. Jeweled rings cover her fingers, and bangles on her wrists shimmer. Her Nosferatu skin is translucent, making her black, lifeless veins appear like cracks in a porcelain doll. And you can imagine that when she feeds, her veins blush with a stark, bloody hue.
Dido's pallid pink eyes take you in, and an easy smile crosses her face. "Where is the Prince?"
The agreement was for the Prince to attend the New Year's Eve party, but instead, she sent her grandchilde. Dido recognizes the deliberate slight, which she receives as such, but the Nosferatu is too savvy to show her hand. Once Gatsby explains he is there to give the Prince's toast, Dido nods. But certain Discipline powers, such as Scry the Soul, or a successful Difficulty 3 Wits + Insight roll, reveal Dido's controlled fury. The characters can work to diffuse her rising ire with a successful Difficulty 3 social roll. For example, Charisma + Persuasion could flatter her, while Manipulation + Subterfuge could cleverly spin the Prince's action and pacify her anger.

DIDO, MODERN CLEOPATRA Dido, who proudly declares herself a "Queen of Yima," is an enigmatic figure cloaked in whispers and half-truths. Some rumors suggest she was a prostitute roaming the lamp-lit streets of Paris. Others claim she was a dynamic empresaria who owned a string of nightclubs in New York City. Tonight, Dido is a restless soul flitting from city to city as the vision behind lavish, provocative parties. With an open invitation to all, she hopes to place the Nosferatu at the center of Kindred politics and the Cleopatras at the center of the Nosferatu. Clan: Nosferatu Generation: 11th Blood Potency: 2 Humanity: 5 General Difficulty: 4/3 Standard Dice Pools: Physical 4, Social 6, Mental 6, Disciplines 7 Secondary Attributes: Health 7, Willpower 5 Exceptional Dice Pools: Stealth 8, Intimidation 7, Politics 7 Disciplines: Animalism 2 (Sense the Beast, Feral Whispers), Auspex 2 (Heightened Senses, Premonition), Obfuscate 4 (Cloak of Shadows, Unseen Passage, Ghost in the Machine, Vanish), Potence 2 (Lethal Body, Prowess)
SEWER RAT INSIGHT A Nosferatu in the coterie could find themselves in a sticky situation. Slighting an entire clan is dangerous, and the Nosferatu, known for having excellent memories, tend to hold a grudge. If efforts to placate Dido fall short, a Nosferatu character can attempt a simple test with Intelligence + Politics against a Difficulty 2. If successful, take them aside and warn them that Dido may not retaliate immediately, but she will assuredly take action against the Prince at some future point and the coterie shouldn't rely on her support in the interim.
Dido might also draw the Nosferatu character into a one-on-one conversation, firing off probing questions about their feelings for the Prince or why they think she would choose to insult the Nosferatu.

14

LOVE BITES

Table 1: New Year's Eve Mask Chart

Predator Type Alleycat

Description
A jagged, rough-hewn mask made of scrap metal or broken glass, reflecting their survivalist lifestyle and aggressive feeding preferences.

Bagger

A glass or plastic mask approximating a goldfish bowl, as a thin layer of actual red-stained water swirls around the user's head between the inner and outer layer, like the bags from which they drink.

Blood Leech

A mask created from overlapping layers of dark, glossy resin with an intricate web of grooves, ridges, plates, and rust color teeth, symbolizing their penchant for preying on other Kindred.

Cleaver

Fitting like a balaclava, the mask is a patchwork of faux leather or dyed fabric sewn into a face resembling a human to match the part they play with their families.

Consensualist

A World War 1 gas mask constructed from goggles and a breathing tube that wraps around the throat showing their protective nature.

Farmer

An ornate burlap and wooden mask depicting a horned animal, such as a pronghorn, oryx, or fabled beast representing a predator's hunting style.

Osiris

A traditional Venetian volto mask, complete with feathered plumes or makeshift ornaments made from rusted metal or tarnished silver, displaying a cult leader's deific and demonic aspects.

Sandman

A plague doctor mask manufactured from human bone, leather, and metal strips. Some are coated in an inky resin, while others have plastic tubing for "hair." A mask that is both dreamlike and nightmarish.

Scene Queen

A Venetian bauta mask with tricorn hat riddled with stains, splotches, cracks, and other imperfections that strip away the allure of status.

Siren

A black leather fetish mask with various metallic straps, studs, and zippers with a wig made from electrical wire, reflecting their sexual predilections.

Watching the Clock
If the coterie has time to spare before Gatsby gives his toast and the ball drops, they can strategize among themselves or mingle with the other partygoers. Like the Prince's penthouse in Chapter One: Penthouse Party, you can add Storyteller characters of your own. If you do, it may be essential to note if the characters were present at the Prince's party to determine where loyalties may lie. Other topics of conversation at the party include:  Plot points or story hooks from your ongoing
chronicle.  Attempts to determine what the different masks
represent. A simple test of Intelligence + Awareness or Intelligence + Craft with a Difficulty 4 pinpoints the predatory nature of the masks, albeit with twisted creative license.  The Prince's snub against the Nosferatu. Some guests waive it off, while others worry over potential escalations. A few suggest the Prince was wise to give her grandchilde bodyguards for the evening.

 Someone voices the theory that the Prince's conspicuous absence is because she didn't want to be in the same room as William Cray, the Anarch leader who now has control over the Red Row. Those siding with the Prince feel the cost of peace was unjustifiably high, though many others, including the Nosferatu, patently disagree.
 A pair of Nosferatu in a hushed conversation discuss Gatsby's pernicious drug habit and the number of blood dolls found dead because of it. They chatter, insinuating how the Prince is angry with Gatsby and sent her grandchilde to the party as a punishment.
William Cray
Dido's party doesn't discriminate. Anarchs comprise a considerable portion of the attendees, with William Cray among them. If the coterie characters choose to talk to him, William attempts to keep his diplomatic front intact. However, he won't mince his words when

15

it comes to any known Brujah or Gangrel (such as Montgomery), accusing them of being ill-suited to the Ivory Tower. The Anarch leader is smart enough not to get dragged into a fight, but his disdain for Camarilla Brujah and Gangrel could spark a healthy debate and palpable tension.
To foreshadow the drama in Chapter Four: Where is Gatsby?, William could launch a social barb at Gatsby, which the Toreador easily deflects. Success on a simple Wits + Insight or Intelligence + Awareness test with a Difficulty 3 identifies enough familiarity that the character can assume they know each other from somewhere.
PLAYING ANARCHS As an Anarch Movement story, the idea of a Brujah Prince, while unusual, remains feasible. However, if a Brujah Prince is too radical or unconventional for your story, an alternative is to change William Cray's clan to Toreador or Ventrue with some out-of-clan Disciplines. He would remain a Sect War Veteran, with his experience reinforcing his loyalty to the Camarilla and placing him on a trajectory to become a Prince.

WILLIAM CRAY, ANARCH DIPLOMAT During the late 1990s, William Cray was a loyal foot soldier who served on the front lines for the Camarilla. He fought numerous battles along the United States East Coast, ruthlessly destroying Sabbat on command. His steadfast belief that the elegant if ruthless Camarilla was a better path than the openly monstrous Sabbat helped justify gruesome deeds. But as he became aware of the hierarchical and authoritarian nature of the sect, throwing their young into the fire of the Second Inquisition to save themselves, he left the Ivory Tower, along with the bulk of the Brujah. Tonight, he prefers words to warfare, using his political acumen to negotiate treaties on behalf of the Movement. Clan: Brujah Generation: 10th Blood Potency: 2 Humanity: 5 General Difficulty: 4/3 Standard Dice Pools: Physical 7, Social 5, Mental 4, Disciplines 6 Secondary Attributes: Health 6, Willpower 6 Exceptional Dice Pools: Brawl 8, Melee 7, Leadership 7 Disciplines: Celerity 3 (Rapid Reflexes, Fleetness, Blink), Fortitude 1 (Resilience), Potence 3 (Lethal Body, Prowess, Uncanny Grip), Presence 4 (Daunt, Lingering Kiss, Dread Gaze, Summon)

16

LOVE BITES
The Midnight Toast
As midnight draws ever closer, the room's attention shifts to the cracked television and Times Square. With a few scant minutes before the ball drops, Gatsby pulls off his mask, takes his place on a balcony, and addresses the crowd.
"Assembled bloodsuckers!" Gatsby shouts, his face lit up with a cheeky grin. "On behalf of the Prince, I want to thank our gracious host, Dido of the Nosferatu. I gotta say, this party is next-level strange. And from a Diva like me, that's really saying something. I know my grandsire was supposed to be here, but, you know...Princes gotta Prince and all that." Gatsby chooses his next words with care--almost as if he wants to say something but pulls himself back from the brink. "You know, not everyone had a chance to choose this. For a lot of us, fate came at us hard and fast, sunk her fangs into us, and said, `Fucking deal with it.' And when that happens, you can either roll with it or change it, which is hard, especially when you, heh, `live' in a city with fifty different Kindred who have fifty different ideas on how you should occupy your nights. But no matter your bloodline, no matter your political ideology, we all make our havens here. We've chosen to be here in this city. So, once a year, we get to come together. We talk and laugh and mourn and party hard because it's a new year. It's a fresh start for all of us. And if this life has taught us anything, it's that time is on our side! Happy New Year, you immortal bastards!" A roar of celebration engulfs the room, though soon drowned out by a new chorus of voices as the clocks approach the top of the hour. Gatsby pulls his mask back on, leaps over the balcony railing, and lands effortlessly on the dance floor below as revelers swarm him. With thirty seconds to spare, the party becomes a live countdown. Ten seconds pass, then another ten, a sense of anticipation building with each second. 10. 9. 8. 7. 6. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. HAPPY NEW YEAR! As the year officially ends and a new one begins, the jubilant shouts of the crowd drown out the music. Kindred press close to their partners, sealing the new year with a kiss or sinking their fangs into a mortal who may or may not be a blood doll as scorched confetti rains from rusted overhead pipes. For a fleeting moment, the chamber becomes a spectacle of swirling paper, dazzling light, and reverberating sound. But as that moment passes and the confetti storm calms, Gatsby is nowhere in sight.
17

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE
Chapter Four:
WHERE IS GATSBY?

The sudden disappearance of Gatsby prompts the coterie's next move. While you can't predict every possibility your players may come up with, this chapter steers you through a few of the most probable situations. But first, you need to know the plan.
Gatsby's Plan
Immediately following the New Year's countdown, Gatsby slips out of the warrens through a hidden exit, assisted by Pigeon, an Anarch Nosferatu (Difficulty 2). Using his Celerity, Gatsby returns to the SUV to reunite with Miriam. The two fight through New Year's Eve traffic toward Bodie's Body Shop, a garage with ties to the Movement. Here, they rendezvous with a handful of Anarchs, which include the two who placed the GPS device on the SUV in Chapter Two: On the Road. Finally, the group heads toward the Red Row footbridge that crosses the highway and marks the boundary of Anarch territory.
The story's climax on the footbridge hinges on players' choices and the level of drama you want to infuse into the scene. Chapter Five: The Choice sketches out some different options.

Finding Gatsby
This section offers suggestions and guidance on likely courses of action, but as with any story, you may need to adapt to player ingenuity. There are many ways for the coterie to track Gatsby and Miriam. These are only a few ideas.
Investigating the Warrens
The characters have several individuals to talk to inside the warrens, although most will have no information on Gatsby's whereabouts. However, a select few may prove more insightful than the rest.  Gatsby's Blood Dolls: Unfortunately, Gatsby's
blood dolls are little help with their noses deep in a pile of cocaine. They have no idea where he is and are in no condition to assist with the investigation. Indeed, if you feel the coterie needs more problems, one or both of the dolls might not be okay, suffering from an overdose or excessive blood loss.  Random Partygoers: After asking about Gatsby to some nearby revelers, one of them mentions last seeing him in the company of Pigeon, an Anarch Nosferatu.

18

LOVE BITES

 Party Anarchs: The coterie may overhear two Anarchs discussing their thoughts on thin-bloods in the Movement and specifically Miriam's intentions. If portraying the ready-to-play characters from the appendix, you can add a skill test by using a foreign language. Catalina knows Spanish, Dania knows sign language, and Montgomery is fluent in French. With a Difficulty 1 Wits + Awareness roll, the characters easily overhear the conversation, and discover Miriam's hidden motives.
 Dido: The host disavows any knowledge of Gatsby's whereabouts. She doesn't take kindly to threats, and her Nosferatu compatriots respond in kind to any show of violence. If the coterie built a good rapport with Dido in Chapter Three: Midnight in the Warrens, she confers with some of her clan to learn that Gatsby left the party with Miriam.
SEWER RAT INSIGHT The coterie may suspect the Nosferatu are responsible for abducting Gatsby. A Nosferatu player character should have a sense of local Nosferatu motives, or at least can coax an honest response from Dido. For these Nosferatu, immediate retribution reads as sloppy, unprofessional, and very much out of character. They aren't the culprits, but they may have been paid to assist or remain neutral.

 William Cray: William Cray denies all knowledge of Gatsby's location. However, a simple test of Wits + Insight or Intelligence + Awareness at Difficulty 3 reveals the leader knows more than he's letting on. Getting that information out of the Anarch is challenging, but not impossible. A contested roll of Manipulation + Persuasion might appeal to William's vanity, while a Charisma + Intimidation roll could cow him into submission. Alternatively, the coterie can attempt to pay him for the information. If he agrees to the bargain, or loses the challenge, William Cray reveals that Miriam is an Anarch spy and that she, and her paramour, Gatsby, have decided to leave the Camarilla and join the Anarch Movement.
 Pigeon: The coterie finds Pigeon partying in a dark offshoot of the warrens. Depending on how thoroughly they interrogate the Nosferatu, they can learn about the hidden passage to the surface, which they can find with a successful simple test of Wits + Awareness against Difficulty 2. If they use social skills to threaten or persuade Pigeon to help, he mentions Bodie's Body Shop. But, if the coterie is too rough on the young Nosferatu, they earn the ire of his clanmates, and the nearby Anarchs.

19

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

PIGEON, HELPFUL NOSFERATU Clan: Nosferatu Generation: 13th Blood Potency: 1 General Difficulty: 3/3 Standard Dice Pools: Physical 4, Social 4, Mental 5, Disciplines 5 Secondary Dice Pools: Health 4, Willpower 4 Exceptional Dice Pools: Larceny 6, Stealth 6, Streetwise 6

Disciplines: Animalism 2 (Sense the Beast, Feral Whispers), Obfuscate 2 (Cloak of Shadows, Unseen Passage), Potence 2 (Soaring Leap, Prowess)
Searching the Street
If the characters decide to exit the warrens to investigate the SUV, they come across Gatsby's mask discarded by the roadside, but there's no sign of Miriam or the vehicle. A successful Intelligence + Investigation test at Difficulty 2 confirms that there are no signs of violence. Subsequent successful Charisma + Intimidation or Manipulation + Persuasion tests, both with a Difficulty 2, compel witnesses and other chauffeurs to confirm that Gatsby exited the warrens, got in Miriam's SUV, and the pair drove off.
Using Advantages
Leveraging character Backgrounds, particularly Allies and Contacts, could be useful in tracking down the SUV.  Ethan turns to Jenny Castillo to put out an all-
points bulletin for the missing SUV. After a tense wait of twenty minutes, he receives a response. Police spotted the SUV parked outside Bodie's Body Shop.  Nonso taps into his influence with car thieves to hunt down the SUV. They encounter a few obstacles like New Year's Eve traffic, but, after a thirty-minute search, they locate the SUV at Bodie's Body Shop.  Rhatha uses her clout in security to gain access to local CCTV cameras. The footage shows Gatsby and Miriam in the SUV, navigating under an overpass heading to a different part of the city. A network of street cameras and toll roads track the vehicle to Bodie's Body Shop.  Characters with Fame could use their fan base to put out a broad, albeit risky, call for information about Gatsby, Miriam, and the SUV.  Characters could send their loyal Retainers to discreetly search for the SUV or ask around about Gatsby and Miriam's whereabouts.  A coterie might turn to their Mawla for help locating the SUV using their vast resources and influence.

20

LOVE BITES

Gifts of the Blood
The use of Discipline powers can aid the characters in their search. Auspex is particularly useful as it allows the user to glean insights from the unseen.  Feral Whispers (Animalism): Characters can use
this power to interview birds and other local animals to get an idea of who went where, or convince a rat or a dog to do a bit of tracking for them.  Heightened Senses (Auspex): Characters can use this power to analyze their surroundings. It could help them identify a faint smell or tire tracks that might lead them to the SUV or Bodie's Body Shop.  Premonition (Auspex): A successful Resolve + Auspex provides a vision of Gatsby in the passenger seat of a moving SUV, staring in the rearview mirror. As he gazes, the city in the mirror decays and crumbles like a sandcastle in the rain. The road beneath the SUV transforms into a bloody pathway that leads to a floating red door. Gatsby then grabs his own face, pulling off a fleshy mask to reveal another Gatsby face. And then he peels off four more, each identical to the last, dropping them to the car floor where they pile up into a grotesque heap. Once he discards the last mask, he smiles and exits the SUV to stride through the red door, accompanied by a human shaped shadow. This vision highlights Gatsby's deliberate action and his willing abandonment of the Camarilla.  Spirit's Touch (Auspex): A successful Intelligence + Auspex roll allows the character to touch Gatsby's mask or the ground where Miriam parked the SUV, seeing an image of Gatsby crossing a street, getting in the car, and the two driving off. The character can sense a potent mixture of thrill and determination between them as they depart.  Cloud Memory (Dominate): The Kindred forces a subject to forget the recent past, which can be useful after questioning someone about the whereabouts of Gatsby, Miriam, or the SUV. This way they don't remember the encounter, or any sensitive information revealed, helping to maintain the secrecy of the coterie's investigation.

 Mesmerize (Dominate): By embedding a command in the mind of a victim, a character could use Dominate to make a city official or police officer their pawn, ordering them to conduct their own search for Gatsby or the SUV, or to provide ongoing surveillance or information.
 Mask of a Thousand Faces (Obfuscate): The character can make inquiries or infiltrate mortal establishments to learn information or gain access to helpful technology.
Bodie's Body Shop
Tucked away in an unassuming corner of the city is a small garage with an open yard crammed full of old cars awaiting restoration or cannibalization for parts. The garage exterior, painted in once vibrant, but now faded and chipped colors, has the name "Bodie's" written on a sign in retro script. Large, grime-streak windows flank the entrance where you can see light inside. Fluorescent tubes flicker above an assortment of toolboxes, hydraulic lifts, and car parts. The scents of motor oil and lubricants hang heavy in the air. And parked near the back is the SUV.
With the hood still warm to the touch, Miriam and Gatsby have a brief head start toward the Red Row, but the coterie is hot on their trail. Inside the garage is Bodie, a sixty-year-old man with deep-set wrinkles and oil-smeared overalls. His grease-stained hands have spent countless hours under a hood. He grunts at the newcomers, "What can I do you for?"
Bodie is a simple antagonist at Difficulty 2. A successful Manipulation + Persuasion roll or Charisma + Intimidation roll, forces Bodie to give up Miriam and Gatsby. He points in the direction of the Red Row.

21

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE
Chapter Five:
THE CHOICE

As the coterie races to intercept Miriam and Gatsby, you have two decisions to make. First, determine the strength and number of the Anarchs escorting the escaping couple. Miriam and Gatsby are capable, but they're far from hardened combatants. If the players are itching for a fight, and you want to create a challenge, keep the Anarch revolutionary stats as listed, but lower the number of them present. If you want to have more of a chaotic melee, lower the Anarch stats and inflate their numbers. The goal is to balance the strength of the opposition with that of the coterie.
Next, you need to decide where the confrontation takes place. By the time the coterie catches up with Gatsby, Miriam, and the Anarchs, where are they precisely?  A deserted alley within Camarilla territory. Placing
them in a deserted alleyway puts them a stone's throw from the Red Row but still within Camarilla jurisdiction. This lends official authority to the Maréchal coterie's actions.  A quiet side street in Anarch territory. This option positions the climax in a side street in the Red Row, squarely within the Anarch's new territory, which turns the Maréchal coterie into trespassers, technically.  A footbridge in a grey zone. Over the highway that separates Camarilla and Anarch territories is a footbridge. Gatsby, Miriam, and the Anarch can be halfway across it when the coterie catches them. This levels the political playing field for all involved.
Auld Lang Syne

their tracks. Miriam instinctively positions herself between you and Gatsby. The Toreador exhales a heavy sigh. "Look, I'm not going back," he says. "I get it. You're here to haul me back. But that's not happening. Miriam and I, we're in love. And we want to be somewhere where that's okay. Where we can feel appreciated. That's not the Camarilla. I wish it was, but it isn't. So, just go. Go back to my grandsire and tell her that I would rather be destroyed with the family I chose, than exist with the family that chose me."
Miriam chimes in, her voice steady. "I didn't sign up for this. I never asked to be someone's driver for eternity. Tell her we slipped away. Tell her you couldn't find us. Tomorrow, she can do whatever she wants. Let her Blood Hunt us. Let her burn the city to find us. But tonight, just for tonight, I'm asking you to let us go."
PLAYING ANARCHS Miriam and Gatsby's motivations may change if they intend to join the Camarilla, but the sentiment stays the same. They want a chance to be together. And they believe that with the power of Gatsby's grandsire, the Prince, Miriam can become a real vampire. As members of a powerful, Camarilla family, they have the chance to realize a future of their choosing instead of one chosen for them.

As Gatsby and Miriam come into view, you close the distance. Sensing trouble, they stop dead in

After everyone has a chance to roleplay the drama of the moment, the coterie must make a choice. The

22

LOVE BITES

following are the most likely scenarios, but the players might surprise you with a creative solution.  The coterie can decide to respect Gatsby and
Miriam's decision and choose to return to the Prince's penthouse without them. This means facing the Prince's wrath at their incompetence.  The coterie can attempt to persuade Miriam and Gatsby to return to the penthouse. This could involve a volley of social challenges. The characters may also resort to Dominate or Presence, but these solutions would only provide temporary results. If the Anarchs detect the use of Disciplines, this could provoke combat.  The coterie can engage Gatsby, Miriam, and the Anarchs in combat, put them into torpor, and drag them to the Prince.
Welcome to the
New Year
Before dawn, the coterie returns to the penthouse with or without their charge. If they don't have the two defectors, the Prince's fury is palpable. She demands the coterie find Gatsby and bring him back or face Lex Talionis for complicity in her grandchilde's disappearance and possible destruction.

Conversely, if the story ends with the lovers returned to the Prince, she orders Clement to escort Gatsby and Miriam into a back room, never to be seen again. Much later, someone in the domain might wonder whatever happened to Gatsby and that thin-blood, what was her name? After the lovers have been taken away, the Prince coldly notes the coterie's efforts, and rewards them with boons, additional territory, or another valuable incentive.
Continuing the Story
Gatsby and Miriam's fate can conclude Love Bites or act as the opening of a continued chronicle.  Vengeance for Miriam: When the Prince harms
or kills Miriam, the coterie might decide to seek vengeance or justice for her as a way to hold onto their mortal principles, possibly leading to a fullblown rebellion against the Prince and her regime.  Rescue Mission for Gatsby: If Gatsby has been taken into a backroom and disappeared, the coterie might set out on a mission to rescue him, which could involve infiltrating the Prince's stronghold, dealing with her allies, or even negotiating with her enemies. Gatsby might have been destroyed, but it's also possible the Prince left him for a stranger fate, such as giving him as a gift to an ally in another domain or using his staked body to vent her frustrations in private.

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

 More Defections: The coterie might choose to investigate the deeper reasons behind Gatsby and Miriam's defection to the Anarchs. What caused them to betray the Camarilla, and are there others who might do the same?
 Loss of Status: If the coterie doesn't return with Gatsby, the Prince could order a Blood Hunt to destroy the characters, forcing them to scramble fast to survive. If the Prince wants to get one over the characters' sires, she may also use them to humiliate them, demanding a new, more loyal Maréschal coterie to serve her. If that happens, the players' coterie's standing in the domain is definitely reduced. This could provide the chance at redemption for the coterie or provoke them into working for a rival.
 Outcasts: The Prince could exile the coterie from the city on pain of a Blood Hunt, forcing them to

navigate the streets as pariahs or find a new home in Anarch territory or with other Independent clans.  Unraveling Dido's Motives: Dido has hidden motivations the coterie could begin to unravel, which could lead to a new set of allies, enemies, or a more complex political landscape to navigate. Perhaps Dido seeks to unravel the rule of the current Camarilla leadership by playing them against the Anarchs, seeking to set up a new, Nosferatu-led Court instead.  A Nosferatu Underworld: The coterie could delve deeper into the political motivations of the Nosferatu in the city, uncovering secrets such as allegiances that go beyond the limits of sect and domain that could affect the balance of power, or they can discover the city's Nosferatu are part of a bigger Cleopatran plan to claim power beyond the traditional warrens of the clan.

24

LOVE BITES

Appendix:

THE

PLAYERS'

COTERIE

While you can play Love Bites with any group as a stand-alone story or as part of a more extensive chronicle, many political stakes rely on the Maréchal coterie's relationships with their sectarian leader and sires. As a prestige, legacy coterie--regardless of whether you stick with the Camarilla story or flip it to an Anarch version--their actions reflect directly on those with power and authority.
If your table wants to create new characters or bring in characters from a different chronicle, and they don't have a solid reason to invest in the story, consider adding additional incentives.  Boon: If the coterie owes the sect leader, a sire, or their
Mawla a boon, this might obligate them to the task.  Independence: The coterie may want more
autonomy, and the sect leader uses the task to earn more trust and leeway.

 Status: Provided the sect leader and the coterie are of the same sect, undertaking the mission may reward them with standing and reputation.
 Territory: The sect leader may court the coterie with the promise of territory, increasing their Domain Trait(s). If you'd rather jump right in with the ready-to-play
vampires, the only three aspects that need to remain consistent with the sheets are their neonate generation, their position in the coterie, and their clan. You can change their names, genders, skills, attributes, and backstory in whatever way makes them more fun to play.
Be aware that the prewritten characters presented here have somewhat better characteristics than would characters created using the system in Vampire, to reflect their Maréchal status.

25

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE
Catalina Luca
(Jaded Actor, Captain)
Like so many young women with arresting beauty and raw talent, Catalina Luca chased the illusive dream of stardom in the neon-veined heart of Hollywood. But years as a background extra and a season regular on a canceled show forced her to reckon with her non-existent career. Driven to reinvent herself, she channeled her physical prowess into stunt work, finding a place in the industry where agility mattered more than connections.
Catalina's entrance to the Ivory Tower came after crossing paths with a Toreador producer on the set of an action flick. She persisted in thinking she was suffering from a hangover resulting from an on-set late night party up until she blearily opened the curtains in the morning and almost burned to a crisp. She immediately recognized the parallels between the Camarilla court's pageantry and Hollywood's narcissism and flourished among vanity-drunk fiends, flattery-addicted schemers, and back-stabbing friends. The role she plays now on behalf of the city's Toreador Prince is her most significant performance to date.
Motivation: Rising Star
Catalina longs to find the fame that eluded her in Hollywood. She craves the intoxicating mix of fear and respect she sees in the eyes of others when they talk about powerful Kindred. As captain of the coterie, she hopes to prove her worth and earn the same.
Clan: Toreador Embraced: 1995 (Born 1962) Ambition: Establish my reputation, regardless of the risk Desire: Keep the coterie safe Predator: Siren Convictions: Protect your connections Touchstones: Jasper Monroe, her first stunt double partner who got her a job in the industry Humanity: 7 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1 Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3; Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Composure 2; Intelligence 2, Wits 2, Resolve 2 Secondary Attributes: Health 7, Willpower 4 Skills: Athletics 4 (Dangerous Stunts), Brawl 3, Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Survival 1; Leadership 3, Performance 1 (Acting), Persuasion 2 (Seduction), Subterfuge 1 Disciplines: Celerity 2 (Cat's Grace, Fleetness), Fortitude 1 (Resilience), Presence 3 (Awe, Lingering Kiss, Entrancement) Advantages: Haven 1, Herd 2, Looks 2 (Beautiful), Mask 1, Mawla 1, Resources 1, Linguistics 1 (Spanish), Status 3 (Maréchal) Flaws: Enemy 1 (Bianca, Jilted Former Lover), Folkloric Bane 1 (Cannot Cross a Threshold Uninvited), Stalkers 1
26

LOVE BITES
Montgomery Boucher
(Indomitable Hockey Player, Master at Arms)
A crushing bodycheck against the boards ended Montgomery Boucher's career in the hockey rink, shattering his femur in three spots and cracking his kneecap. A grueling nine-hour surgery mended his bones but couldn't return him to the ice. So, he swapped his skates for a coach's whistle while taking on side gigs as a personal trainer and bouncer. But his formidable fighting skills and tenacious spirit eventually earned him the Embrace, disorienting and horrifying as it was.
Montgomery may not understand the intricacies of undead politics or why the Gangrel have almost entirely aligned themselves with the Anarch Movement, but he likes being part of a team. And the Maréchal coterie has become more than just a group of Kindred to him. It's his family, his pack, a place where he isn't just acknowledged but valued.
Motivation: Team Player
Motivated by team unity, Montgomery thrives when working alongside others and strives to foster a sense of camaraderie within his coterie. He believes in their collective strength and is determined to maintain cohesion against all odds.
Clan: Gangrel Embraced: 2003 (Born 1976) Ambition: Bridge the gap between the Camarilla and Anarch Movement Desire: Coach a coterie-mate to help them master a new skill Predator: Farmer Convictions: Payback is always justified Touchstones: Laura Simmons, the physical therapist who helped him recover from his career-ending injury Humanity: 8 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1 Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3; Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Composure 3; Intelligence 2, Wits 2, Resolve 3 Secondary Attributes: Health 8, Willpower 6 Skills: Athletics 3, Brawl 4 (Grappling), Melee 3, Survival 3 (Hunting); Animal Ken 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 1; Awareness 2, Medicine 1, Technology 1 Disciplines: Animalism 2 (Bond Famulus, Feral Whispers), Protean 3 (Eyes of the Beast, Feral Weapons, Shapechange), Fortitude 2 (Resilience, Toughness) Advantages: Haven 1, Herd 2, Mask 1, Resources 2, Linguistics 1 (French), Status 3 (Maréchal) Flaws: Shunned 2 (Anarchs), Vegan 2
27

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE
Dania Nowak
(Insightful Novelist, Veteran Member)
Dania Nowak threw herself into the lion's den of the literary world, determined to see her name on a book cover. After countless rejections, an agent finally agreed to represent her, and Dania published her Adelina Fairfax series about a reclusive bibliophile and linguist who uses her vast knowledge of languages, symbols, and codes to solve crimes. While she was by no means famous, she had a growing audience of devoted readers, one of whom tried to murder Dania when Adelina Fairfax died in the final book. She remembers little from that violent night but can recall someone pushing her over a bridge and a stranger dragging her out of the river, culminating in a shocking Embrace. Existence as a vampire has been difficult for Dania, but she is slowly leaving her old life behind. In the meantime, Dania uses her knack for unearthing secrets and mysteries for her sect and coterie.
Motivation: New Chapters
Lately, Dania has chosen to view her transformation into a vampire as an unexpected plot twist in her own narrative. Each night presents a chance to add to her ongoing story, inspiring her to write a novel like no other.
Clan: Nosferatu Embraced: 2015 (Born 1982) Ambition: Publish a novel about unlife as a Kindred Desire: Chronicle an unforgettable encounter Predator: Sandman Convictions: You can't be blamed for following your fate Touchstones: Kofi Wells, a local ghost tour guide who tells stories about the city's haunted history Humanity: 7 Generation: 12th Blood Potency: 1 Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2; Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Composure 3; Intelligence 4, Wits 3, Resolve 3 Secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 6 Skills: Larceny 2, Stealth 3 (Break-Ins); Insight 4 (Determining Motive), Subterfuge 1; Academics 2 (Literature), Awareness 3, Investigation 3, Occult 1, Politics 2, Technology 1 Disciplines: Animalism 1 (Bond Famulus), Obfuscate 4 (Cloak of Shadows, Unseen Passage, Mask of a Thousand Faces, Vanish) Advantages: Haven 2, Herd 2, Resources 3, Linguistics 1 (Sign Language), Status 3 (Maréchal) Flaws: Known Corpse 1, Prey Exclusion 1 (Children)
28

LOVE BITES
Ethan Holloway
(Unhinged Investigator, Veteran Member)
Ethan Holloway and Tom Gerrity were far from the proud, respectable police detectives the public believed them to be. The pair routinely used their badges as shields covering indiscretions ranging from accepting bribes to tampering with evidence. As the money rolled in, their moral compasses faded into oblivion. However, the wrong side of the law caught up with them when Tom was mysteriously murdered. Stricken with guilt, grief, and paranoia, Ethan's life spiraled out of control. Revenge consumed him, and his relentless pursuit of his partner's killer became an obsession that cost him his job, his family, and his sanity. But Ethan's sire saw his potential like a flame flickering amid the darkness. And in the aftermath of his Embrace, Ethan has crafted a chillingly tidy unlife where he comes home each night to eat dinner alongside his perfect (and wholly subjugated) wife and kids.
Motivation: Work-Life Balance
Ethan's need to maintain the illusion of an everyday home life often conflicts with his duties to the coterie and the Camarilla. However, his skill as a detective regularly proves more valuable than the irritation caused by the check-in phone calls and the errands he runs for his family.
Clan: Malkavian Embraced: 2007 (Born 1975) Ambition: Find Tom Gerrity's killer and deliver justice Desire: Bring home a fun surprise for the wife and kids Predator: Cleaver Convictions: Love is worth any sacrifice Touchstones: Nora Holloway, Ethan's wife and a constant reminder of the normalcy he once had Humanity: 6 Generation: 13th Blood Potency: 1 Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Composure 2; Intelligence 2, Wits 4, Resolve 2 Secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 4 Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 3, Larceny 2, Stealth 1; Intimidation 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3 (Coverups); Awareness 2, Investigation 4 (Crime Scenes), Technology 1 Disciplines: Auspex 1 (Heightened Senses), Dominate 3 (Cloud Memory, Mesmerize, The Forgetful Mind), Obfuscate 2 (Cloak of Shadows, Unseen Passage) Advantages: Allies 1 (Jenny Castillo, a beat cop on the take), Contacts 2 (Snitches), Haven 2, Herd 2, Mask 2, Resources 2, Status 3 (Maréchal) Flaws: Dark Secret 2 (Cleaver), Obvious Predator 2
29

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE
Rhatha Khan
(Subversive Cybersecurity Expert, Rookie Member)
As a cybersecurity consultant, Rhatha Khan stumbled on a hidden network of encrypted data streams and cloaked IP addresses. Her curiosity led her down the digital rabbit hole, unearthing an archive of arcane symbols and ancient languages beyond the realm of mundane cybercrime. One fateful night, she decrypted a file named "Gehenna," and her world shifted. Her apartment door creaked open, and she knew she was no longer alone.
The Tremere's name was Emerick, and while he was intrigued by Rhatha's skill and ingenuity, he also grasped the danger she posed. So, he offered her a choice: eternal silence or eternal unlife. With a mix of terror and fascination, she chose the latter. When Emerick's fangs pierced her neck, Rhatha's ordinary life ended, and her journey as a follower of Carna began.
Motivation: Unshackled Freedom
Even within the relative freedom of House Carna, Rhatha remains wary of any form of hierarchical control. But recently, her sire Emerick has secured her a place in this prestigious coterie for a reason she has yet to unravel.
Clan: Tremere Embraced: 2019 (Born 1994) Ambition: Break down the hierarchical structures of the Camarilla Desire: Understand her place in the coterie Predator: Bagger Convictions: Never submit to undeserved authority Touchstones: Ameena Khan, Rhatha's grandmother, a strong, independent woman who tells captivating stories about the struggles of her younger years Humanity: 7 Generation: 13th Blood Potency: 1 Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Composure 2; Intelligence 4, Wits 3, Resolve 3 Secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 5 Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 3, Larceny 3 (Lockpicking), Stealth 1; Insight 2, Intimidation 1; Awareness 2, Investigation 2, Occult 3, Technology 4 (Surveillance Security) Disciplines: Auspex 3 (Sense the Unseen, Premonition, Scry the Soul), Blood Sorcery 2 (A Taste for Blood, Extinguish Vitae, Ritual: Blood Walk) Advantages: Contacts 2 (Security Company), Influence 2 (Security Company), Haven 2, Herd 2, Iron Gullet 3, Loresheet: Carna 1, Mask 2, Resources 2, Status 3 (Maréchal) Flaws: Enemy 2 (Greg Ashwood, former head of Chantry Security), Folkloric Bane 1 (Silver), Long Bond 1
30

LOVE BITES
Nonso Okorie
(Impulsive Street Racer, Rookie Member)
For Nonso Okorie, the thunderous roar of engines always elicits fond memories of his father, a race car driver. Nonso had dreamt of continuing the legacy, but after a fatal accident claimed his father's life and the prize money dried up, Nonso and his mother fell on hard times. When he couldn't afford to race cars, he boosted them. And over time, he earned a reputation as a skilled car thief and street racer. However, destiny, dressed in a Porsche 911, caught up with Nonso when he impressed its owner, a Ventrue named Marcus Vandenberg, with his ability to handle the expensive machine. So, Marcus Embraced him without undue emotion beyond the terror of dying and coming back as a bloodsucking creature and put him to work. Still new to his unlife, Nonso has yet to fully appreciate the lethal food chain he finds himself at the bottom of.
Motivation: Dutiful Childe
As the newest and youngest coterie member, Nonso wants to show that he belongs. He also knows Marcus wants a major boon over the Prince, and this is his best chance to secure it--especially if the Prince finds herself in need of a getaway driver.
Clan: Ventrue Embraced: 2020 (Born 1998) Ambition: Score a major boon from the Prince Desire: Earn the respect of a coterie mate Predator: Scene Queen (Illegal Racing Circuit) Convictions: Dare to push the limits Touchstones: Sachi, a fellow street racer whose daring feats and appetite for risk have been a source of inspiration for Nonso Humanity: 7 Generation: 13th Blood Potency: 1 Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2; Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Composure 4; Intelligence 2, Wits 2, Resolve 2 Secondary Attributes: Health 7, Willpower 6 Skills: Craft 2 (Car Repair), Drive 4, Firearms 3, Larceny 3 (Hotwiring); Etiquette 1, Persuasion 2, Streetwise 3 (Car Thieves), Subterfuge 1; Politics 1, Technology 2 Disciplines: Dominate 2 (Compel, Mesmerize), Fortitude 2 (Resilience, Toughness), Presence 2 (Daunt, Lingering Kiss) Advantages: Contacts 1 (Fences), Contacts 2 (Chop Shops), Fame 1 (Illegal Racing Circuit), Influence 2 (Car Thieves), Haven 1, Herd 2, Resources 2, Status 3 (Maréchal) Flaws: Disliked 1, Infamy 2 (Known Criminal)
31

Name Catalina Luca Chronicle Love Bites
Sire

Concept Jaded Actor Ambition Establish reputation Desire Keep the coterie safe

Predator Siren Clan Toreador Generation 12

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength

¡¡¡¡¡

Social

Charisma

¡¡¡¡¡

Mental
Intelligence ¡¡¡¡¡

Dexterity

¡¡¡¡¡ Manipulation ¡¡¡¡¡

Wits

¡¡¡¡¡

Stamina

¡¡¡¡¡ Composure ¡¡¡¡¡

Resolve

¡¡¡¡¡

Health
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

Willpower
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Melee Larceny Stealth Survival
Celerity Cat's Grace Fleetness

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Animal Ken

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Academics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Etiquette

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Awareness

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Insight

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Finance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Intimidation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Investigation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Leadership

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Medicine

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Performance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Occult

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Persuasion

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Politics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Streetwise

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Science

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Subterfuge

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Technology

DISCIPLINES

¡¡¡¡¡ Fortitude

¡¡¡¡¡ Presence

Resilience

Awe

Lingering Kiss Entrancement

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡
¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

Resonance
© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Hunger ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Humanity ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions Convictions: Protect your connections

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Haven Herd Looks (Beautiful) Folkloric Bane Stalkers
Notes

¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Potency ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Total Experience Spent Experience

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Name Dania Nowak Chronicle Love Bites
Sire

Concept Insightful Novelist Ambition Publish a novel Desire Chronicle an encounter

Predator Sandman Clan Nosferatu Generation 12

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength

¡¡¡¡¡

Social

Charisma

¡¡¡¡¡

Mental
Intelligence ¡¡¡¡¡

Dexterity

¡¡¡¡¡ Manipulation ¡¡¡¡¡

Wits

¡¡¡¡¡

Stamina

¡¡¡¡¡ Composure ¡¡¡¡¡

Resolve

¡¡¡¡¡

Health
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

Willpower
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Melee Larceny Stealth Survival
Animalism Bond Famulus

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Animal Ken

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Academics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Etiquette

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Awareness

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Insight

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Finance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Intimidation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Investigation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Leadership

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Medicine

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Performance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Occult

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Persuasion

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Politics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Streetwise

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Science

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Subterfuge

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Technology

DISCIPLINES

¡¡¡¡¡ Obfuscate

¡¡¡¡¡

Cloak of Shadows

Unseen Passage Mask of a Thousand Faces

Vanish

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡
¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

Resonance
© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Hunger ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Humanity ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions
Convictions: You can't be blamed for following your fate

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Haven Herd Resources Linguistics (Sign Language) Status (Marechal)
Notes

¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Potency ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Total Experience Spent Experience

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Name Ethan Holloway Chronicle Love Bites
Sire

Concept Unhinged Investigator Ambition Find a killer Desire Bring home a surprise

Predator Cleaver Clan Malkavian Generation 13

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength

¡¡¡¡¡

Social

Charisma

¡¡¡¡¡

Mental
Intelligence ¡¡¡¡¡

Dexterity

¡¡¡¡¡ Manipulation ¡¡¡¡¡

Wits

¡¡¡¡¡

Stamina

¡¡¡¡¡ Composure ¡¡¡¡¡

Resolve

¡¡¡¡¡

Health
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

Willpower
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Melee Larceny Stealth Survival
Auspex Heightened Senses

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Animal Ken

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Academics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Etiquette

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Awareness

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Insight

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Finance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Intimidation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Investigation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Leadership

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Medicine

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Performance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Occult

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Persuasion

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Politics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Streetwise

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Science

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Subterfuge

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Technology

DISCIPLINES

¡¡¡¡¡ Dominate

¡¡¡¡¡ Obfuscate

Cloud Memory

Cloak of Shadows

Mesmerize The Forgetful Mind

Unseen Passage

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡
¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

Resonance
© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Hunger ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Humanity ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions
Convictions: Love is worth any sacrifice

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Allies Contacts Haven Herd Mask Resources Status (Marechal) Dark Secret (Cleaver) Obvious Predator
Notes

¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Potency ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Total Experience Spent Experience

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Name Montgomery Boucher Chronicle Love Bites
Sire

Concept Indomitable Athlete Ambition Bridge political gap Desire Coach a coterie-mate

Predator Farmer Clan Gangrel Generation 12

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength

¡¡¡¡¡

Social

Charisma

¡¡¡¡¡

Mental
Intelligence ¡¡¡¡¡

Dexterity

¡¡¡¡¡ Manipulation ¡¡¡¡¡

Wits

¡¡¡¡¡

Stamina

¡¡¡¡¡ Composure ¡¡¡¡¡

Resolve

¡¡¡¡¡

Health
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

Willpower
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Melee Larceny Stealth Survival
Animalism Bond Famulus Feral Whispers

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Animal Ken

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Academics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Etiquette

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Awareness

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Insight

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Finance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Intimidation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Investigation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Leadership

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Medicine

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Performance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Occult

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Persuasion

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Politics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Streetwise

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Science

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Subterfuge

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Technology

DISCIPLINES

¡¡¡¡¡ Protean

¡¡¡¡¡ Fortitude

Eyes of the Beast

Resilience

Feral Weapons Shapechange

Toughness

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡
¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

Resonance
© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Hunger ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Humanity ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions
Convictions: Payback is always justified

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Haven Herd Mask Resources Linguistics (French) Status (Marechal) Shunned (Anarchs) Vegan
Notes

¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Potency ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Total Experience Spent Experience

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Name Nonso Okorie Chronicle Love Bites
Sire

Concept Impulsive Racer Ambition Score a major boon Desire Earn respect

Predator Scene Queen Clan Ventrue Generation 13

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength

¡¡¡¡¡

Social

Charisma

¡¡¡¡¡

Mental
Intelligence ¡¡¡¡¡

Dexterity

¡¡¡¡¡ Manipulation ¡¡¡¡¡

Wits

¡¡¡¡¡

Stamina

¡¡¡¡¡ Composure ¡¡¡¡¡

Resolve

¡¡¡¡¡

Health
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

Willpower
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Melee Larceny Stealth Survival
Dominate Compel Mesmerize

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Animal Ken

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Academics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Etiquette

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Awareness

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Insight

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Finance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Intimidation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Investigation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Leadership

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Medicine

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Performance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Occult

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Persuasion

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Politics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Streetwise

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Science

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Subterfuge

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Technology

DISCIPLINES

¡¡¡¡¡ Fortitude

¡¡¡¡¡ Presence

Resilience

Daunt

Toughness

Lingering Kiss

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡
¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

Resonance
© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Hunger ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Humanity ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions Convictions: Dare to push the limits

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Contacts (Fences) Contacts (Chop Shops) Fame (Illegal Racing Circuit) Influence (Car Thieves) Haven Herd Resources Status (Marechal) Disliked Infamy (Known Criminal)
Notes

¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Potency ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Total Experience Spent Experience

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Name Rhatha Khan Chronicle Love Bites
Sire

Concept Subversive Expert Ambition Break hierarchy Desire Understand her place

Predator Bagger Clan Tremere Generation 13

ATTRIBUTES

Physical

Strength

¡¡¡¡¡

Social

Charisma

¡¡¡¡¡

Mental
Intelligence ¡¡¡¡¡

Dexterity

¡¡¡¡¡ Manipulation ¡¡¡¡¡

Wits

¡¡¡¡¡

Stamina

¡¡¡¡¡ Composure ¡¡¡¡¡

Resolve

¡¡¡¡¡

Health
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

Willpower
¨¨¨¨¨ ¨¨¨¨¨

SKILLS

Athletics Brawl Craft Drive Firearms Melee Larceny Stealth Survival
Auspex Sense the Unseen Premonition Scry the Soul

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Animal Ken

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Academics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Etiquette

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Awareness

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Insight

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Finance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Intimidation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Investigation

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Leadership

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Medicine

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Performance

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Occult

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Persuasion

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Politics

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Streetwise

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Science

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Subterfuge

¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ Technology

DISCIPLINES

¡¡¡¡¡ Blood Sorcery

¡¡¡¡¡

A Taste for Blood

Extinguish Vitae Ritual: Blood Walk

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡
¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

¡¡¡¡¡

Resonance
© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

Hunger ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Humanity ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨ ¨

Chronicle Tenets

Touchstones & Convictions
Convictions: Never submit to undeserved authority

Clan Bane

Advantages & Flaws Contacts Influence Haven Herd Iron Gullet Loresheet: Carna Mask Resources Status (Mareschal) Enemy Folkloric Bane
Notes
Long Bond 1

¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Potency ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Blood Surge

Mend Amount

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Power Bonus

Rouse Re-Roll

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Feeding Penalty

Bane Severity

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

Total Experience Spent Experience

¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡

True age Apparent age Date of birth Date of death Appearance

Distinguishing features

History

© 2023 Renegade Game Studios. All Rights Reserved. © Paradox Interactive AB (publ)

